normal chest no evidence of tuberculosis heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses . 
no acute disease . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are slightly hypoinflated but clear . there is no pleural effusion . 
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process . negative examination of the chest . the cardiac and mediastinal contours are normal . the lungs are well - inflated and clear . there is no focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion . no acute bony abnormalities are seen . no radiopa<unk>ue foreign bodies are present . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . redemonstration of the left basilar patchy atelectasis unchanged from last exam . lungs are otherwise clear . no evidence of pneumothorax or pleural effusions present . there is a focal calcified nodules in the left upper lung stable in appearance from xxxx of xxxx . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . no suspicion bony destruction identified . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in contour and unchanged in comparison to prior exams . the lungs are clear with no evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities . 
emphysematous change without evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour . lungs are hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with emphysematous change . no evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax . multilevel degenerative changes of the spine are noted . 
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease . frontal and lateral views of the chest with overlying external cardiac monitor leads show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette . no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified . no acute bony changes . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the heart is normal size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease . there is stable irregularity of the posterior left <unk>th rib which xxxx represents an old fracture . . 
chest . no active disease . the knee . advanced degenerative joint disease . chest . the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal . left knee . the right total knee prosthesis remains in xxxx . the medial compartment is markedly narrow . large osteophytes are present on the left femur and tibial lateral plateaus . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality specifically no evidence for acute tuberculosis . heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits . no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . degenerative changes of thoracic spine . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities . the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . right lung calcified densities are unchanged from prior and indicate old granulomatous disease . otherwise the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities . lateral view reveals mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine . 
vague nodular opacity near the anterior right first rib costicartilage junction . this may be calcification . minimal streaky atelectasis in the right lung base . lung volumes are low . there is vague opacity in the right upper lung near the anterior right first rib on pa view . this may be artifact relating to calcification at the first rib costicartilage junction . there is minimal atelectasis in the right lung base . there is left - sided picc line the distal tip in the lower superior vena xxxx . the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal . these contours are normal . 
no acute findings stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process . apical irregularities also present on the previous exam suggestive of scarring . no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . no pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary finding . the heart is normal in size with normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette . the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact with mild degenerative changes in the thoracic spine . 
persistent mild right upper lobe infiltrate similar to slightly improved from xxxx . left lung grossly clear . stable cardiomediastinal silhouette . mild patchy right upper lobe opacities similar to slightly improved from xxxx . left lung clear . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . 
no acute abnormality . heart size is normal . the lungs are clear . there are no focal air space consolidations . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal . normal pulmonary vascularity . umbilical piercing . 
no acute cardiopulmonary process . no focal lung consolidation . heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . osseous structures are grossly intact . 
emphysema and scarring without acute disease the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are hyperinflated with xxxx xxxx opacities compatible with pleural - parenchymal scarring . there is no acute infiltrate or effusion . 
no evidence of active disease . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities . stable cardiomegaly . stable cardiomegaly . the lungs are clear . stable left lung base calcifications . no focal consolidations . no pneumothorax or pleural effusions . the xxxx are intact . 
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease . frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette . there is aortic xxxx vascular calcification . and there is a hyper left lung calcified granuloma . normal mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and lung volumes . no pleural effusion . there are vascular and skeletal senescent changes . 
no acute cardiopulmonary process . heart size and mediastinal contour are normal . pulmonary vascularity is normal . lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . 
no evidence of active disease . heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . 
emphysematous change without acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process . heart size slightly upper normal . atherosclerotic calcifications within the aorta . . lungs are hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with emphysematous change . no focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax . degenerative changes of the spine are noted . 
no acute pulmonary disease . there is a calcified granuloma in the right midlung zone . lungs are otherwise clear . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the heart and mediastinum are normal . the skeletal structures are normal . surgical clips are present in the right upper quadrant . 
no evidence of active disease . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . 
mild hypoinflation without acute disease . retrocardiac density compatible with hiatal hernia . the heart is top normal in size . the mediastinum is stable . surgical clips again seen overlying the superior mediastinum . there is an retrocardiac density compatible hiatal hernia . the lungs are mildly hypoinflated . no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are seen . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear . the heart pulmonary xxxx are normal . the pleural spaces are clear . mediastinal contours are normal . 
no acute pulmonary disease . xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained . the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour . aortic xxxx appear unremarkable . lungs demonstrate no acute findings . there is no effusion or pneumothorax . 
negative chest . the lungs are clear . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . lucent lesion with thin sclerotic margin in the right humeral head . considering the associated degenerative changes a large geode is most xxxx . if further imaging is desired dedicated views of the shoulder may be helpful for further characterization . lungs are clear bilaterally . cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal . pulmonary vasculature is normal . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormality . there is a stable the electronic device any left anterior chest wall . there are advanced degenerative changes in the xxxx bilaterally . there is a <unk> mm lucency in the right humeral head with geographic <unk>a margins . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . normal heart size . clear lungs . trachea is midline . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusion . 
no acute disease . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are grossly clear . 
normal chest . heart is normal in size . no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no acute or destructive bone abnormality . 
negative for acute abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . negative for focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . middle lobe calcified granulomas . normal xxxx . 
no acute disease . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . 
improving lung volumes with bibasilar atelectasis . cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and within normal limits . there is improved lung volumes bilaterally with persistent bibasilar atelectatic opacities without focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion . no acute bony abnormality identified . 
no acute process . the cardiac contours are normal . calcified tortuous thoracic aorta . emphysema . mild apical scarring . the lungs are otherwise clear . thoracic spondylosis . 
clear lungs . no acute chest findings . peripheral vascular disease . there has been interval cabg . sternotomy and xxxx cerclage xxxx appear intact . no focal air space opacity . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . stable mild degenerative disc disease of the thoracic spine . visualized bony structures are otherwise unremarkable in appearance . atherosclerotic calcifications of the thoracic aorta . 
no acute disease . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . 
no acute cardiopulmonary process . heart size and vascularity normal . external contour normal . lungs clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . 
no acute abnormality . heart size is normal . the lungs are clear . there are no focal air space consolidations . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal . normal pulmonary vascularity . 
cardiomegaly with bibasilar airspace disease and bilateral pleural effusions right greater than left . low lung volumes bilaterally with bibasilar airspace opacities right greater than left . there is blunting of the bilateral costophrenic sulci . cardiac device overlies left chest leads intact tips overlying right atrium and right ventricle . no pneumothorax . cardiomegaly . degenerative changes of the spine . 
mild pulmonary vascular congestion with xxxx xxxx bilateral effusions . constellation findings is most compatible with congestive heart failure . pa and lateral views . stable postoperative changes with midline sternotomy xxxx and myocardial revasculari<unk>ation . cardiac size remains mildly enlarged but stable . there is mild vascular congestion . small bilateral pleural effusions are present which are xxxx . 
bilateral increasing consolidations consistent with multifocal pneumonia . in the interval consolidations have developed in the left upper lobe and both lower lobes . heart size remains slightly large . pulmonary xxxx normal . 
hyperexpanded lungs with no focal airspace disease . the lungs are hyperexpanded . the heart is normal in size . the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance . no focal airspace opacities pneumothorax or pleural effusion . a calcific density in the left midlung zone xxxx represents old granulomatous disease . no acute bony abnormalities . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . the heart size is normal . lungs are clear . there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion . bony structures are within normal limits . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified . <unk> images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings . 
left lower lobe airspace disease consistent with pneumonia . associated right pleural effusion . in the interval consolidation and atelectasis have developed in the right lower lobe . costophrenic xxxx blunted on the right . left lung clear . heart size normal . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the lungs are clear . there are calcified granulomas . heart size is normal . no pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . there are t - spine osteophytes . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation . 
no acute intrathoracic abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance . no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation . a calcified granuloma is identified in the peripheral aspect of the left lower lobe . calcified lymph xxxx are identified in left hilar region . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusion . minimal degenerative endplate changes of the thoracic spine . 
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process . stable appearance of the chest . evidence of prior granulomatous disease and degenerative changes of the costochondral junctions . the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . there are calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx with a calcified right lower lobe pulmonary nodule . the lungs are well - inflated and clear . there is no focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion . there are degenerative changes of the first costochondral joints bilaterally . no acute bony abnormalities are seen . 
interval development of large right - sided pleural effusion . xxxx deformity noted at the upper thoracic vertebral body xxxx relates to xxxx deformity described on previous ct scan . there has been interval development of a large right - sided pleural effusion . the left lung is clear . there is no pneumothorax . heart size mediastinal contours are within normal limits . xxxx deformity is noted at the upper thoracic vertebral body . 
no acute cardiothoracic disease or significant interval change . the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . xxxx sternotomy xxxx are again seen . the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unchanged . right lung calcified granulomata are again seen . there is no consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . heart size is normal . no focal consolidations . there is a <unk> mm calcified granuloma at the medial right lung base . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . 
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process . the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . external monitor leads xxxx the thorax . the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified . the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable . 
normal chest heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . chronic changes consistent with emphysema . the lungs are hyperexpanded with increased ap diameter of the chest . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and normal . there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . 
negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings . heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal . lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax . osseous structures are grossly intact . 
negative chest x - xxxx . cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . bony structures are intact . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities . no pneumothorax . heart size is normal . granulomas are seen within the right lung . no large pleural effusions . no focal airspace consolidation . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the lungs are clear bilaterally . specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion . . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality . 
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process . <unk>mm nodule in the left lung base xxxx calcified granuloma . the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are well - inflated and clear . there is an <unk>mm nodule in the left lower lobe xxxx calcified granuloma . there is no pneumothorax or effusion . bony structures of the thorax are intact with minimal early degenerative change . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . heart size is within normal limits . no focal airspace disease . no pneumothorax or effusion . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the lungs are clear bilaterally . specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion . cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities . the heart size is normal . no pneumothorax . no large pleural effusions . no focal airspace opacities . 
borderline heart size stable . interval left subclavian pacemaker placed in satisfactory position . no pneumothorax . the heart is borderline in size . the mediastinum is stable . small calcified lymph xxxx are seen . dual - xxxx left subclavian pacemaker is identified in satisfactory position . the right hemidiaphragm is again elevated . there are xxxx streaky areas of atelectasis . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax are seen . 
no active disease . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . stable cardiomegaly tortuous thoracic aorta and atherosclerotic calcification . xxxx sternotomy xxxx and numerous mediastinal clips appear stable in position . there is aortic atherosclerotic calcification . the thoracic aorta is tortuous . stable widening of the upper mediastinum . stable cardiomegaly . prominent mitral annular calcification demonstrated on the lateral view . no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation . xxxx xxxx appear intact . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . stable bullous emphysematous changes . cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal in size and contour . again demonstrated are biapical bullous emphysematous changes . no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion . mild multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . heart size is within normal limits . <unk>mm calcified granuloma in the right base . no focal airspace consolidations . no pneumothorax or effusion . 
chronic changes as described no acute findings stable flattening of the posterior diaphragm and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings with no focal alveolar consolidation . stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with normal heart size and aortic ectasiatortuosity stable mediastinal contours . no definite pleural effusion seen no typical findings of pulmonary edema . following spine ossifications and marginal osteophytes again noted . 
no acute preoperative findings . cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . bony structures are intact . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the heart is normal size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease . the xxxx are unremarkable . 
low volumes with bronchovascular crowding . no acute abnormality . there are low volumes with bronchovascular crowding . no focal infiltrate or effusion . heart and mediastinal contours within normal limits . no displaced fracture identified . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities . cardiac size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the visualized osseous structures appear intact . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . . the lungs are clear bilaterally . specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion . . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality . 
xxxx change . hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease . lung volumes remain low . no infiltrates . heart and pulmonary xxxx remain normal . 
no evidence of active disease . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . 
unremarkable examination . heart and mediastinum within normal limits . negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormality . no lymphadenopathy . 
heart size upper limits of normal with clear lungs . lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart size is upper limits of normal . 
clear lungs . the lungs are clear . no focal air space consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . normal cardiomediastinal silhouette . 
unremarkable chest . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . the lung zones are clear . there are no bony abnormalities
no acute cardiopulmonary finding . the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal . there is no focal air space opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact with mild degenerative changes in thoracic spine . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . there are no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious pulmonary opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . there is no evidence of pneumothorax . degenerative changes of the thoracic spine . 
left paraspinalretrocrural adenopathy . heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . low left paraspinalretrocrural adenopathy is present . this appears unchanged . 
normal chest . heart size and mediastinal contour are normal . pulmonary vascularity is normal . lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . degenerative changes in the thoracic spine . 
no acute pulmonary abnormality . the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality . heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits . 
round opacity measuring <unk> cm in diameter within the posterior mediastinum . recommend further evaluation of this nodule with chest ct with iv contrast . lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . calcified densities within the right paratracheal region and left perihilar region may represent calcified granulomas . there is a round opacity measuring <unk> cm in diameter within the posterior mediastinum . xxxx are unremarkable . 
blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx . this may represent pleural effusion or pleural reaction . clearing of left base airspace disease . outward xxxx of picc line . tip now projects over upper svc . left picc line remains in xxxx . the tip projects over the upper svc . it has moved outward since the previous study . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . previously present left base airspace disease has cleared . there is blunting of the right costophrenic xxxx which may represent small amount of pleural effusion or pleural reaction . some scattered bandlike opacities are present which appear to represent scars . degenerative changes are present in the right shoulder . 
chronic interstitial lung disease and scars unchanged . no acute disease . prominent interstitial markings in the lungs are unchanged . no focal infiltrates . heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal . 
negative acute bone abnormality . indeterminate <unk> cm opacity seen only on lateral view is of unknown clinical significance and may be located in or on the patient . clinical correlation with possible followup chest x - xxxx recommended if clinically appropriate . dr . xxxx xxxx was notified of the indeterminate rounded opacity at xxxx hours on xxxx and ac<unk>nowledged receipt of the study finding . rounded <unk> cm projecting retrosternally on lateral view only . no focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax . normal heart size . minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine . negative for pneumoperitoneum . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the lungs are clear bilaterally . specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion . . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality . 
low lung volumes with slightly increased perihilar opacities bilaterally xxxx infectious etiology . the lung volumes are low . however as compared to the prior study there are increased perihilar opacities bilaterally . stable dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine with limited evaluation of the spinal xxxx . the tracheostomy tube is in unchanged position . 
clear lungs . no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the lungs are clear . heart size is normal . no pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size is normal . no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease . bony structures appear intact . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . lungs are clear bilaterally . cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal . pulmonary vasculature is normal . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormality . 
stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . no stable cardiomegaly without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion . stable right basilar calcified granuloma . no acute osseous abnormality identified . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . no evidence for metastatic disease by radiographic evaluation . the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia . there is no pulmonary nodule identified . there is a left humerus prosthesis partly demonstrated . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities . the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities . lateral view reveals degenerative changes of the thoracic spine . 
negative chest . the lungs are clear . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . 
emphysema however no acute cardiopulmonary finding . the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal . there is hyperexpansion of the lungs with flattening of the hemidiaphragms . there is no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there multilevel degenerative changes of thoracic spine . 
stable groundglass and interstitial markings at the lung bases . overall this is not xxxx to represent a significant change from xxxx . frontal and lateral views . the cardiac silhouette is on the upper limits normal for size . interstitial opacities are persistent at both lung bases . calcified granulomas are also identified . xxxx compared to the previous ct scan there has been no significant interval change . no developing airspace opacity or pneumothorax . 
no active disease . no evidence for heart failure . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . interval resolution of the left pleural effusion . lungs are grossly clear . postsurgical changes from cabg are noted . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormalities are visualized . 
xxxx of left base atelectasis . otherwise clear . low lung volumes are present . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . scattered xxxx of left base atelectasis are noted . left xxxx - a - xxxx is in xxxx with the tip projecting over the caval atrial junction . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion . mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the lungs are clear bilaterally . specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion . . minimal right basilar subsegmental atelectasis noted . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . tortuosity of the thoracic aorta noted . scattered calcified granulomas are seen without evidence of active granulomatoustuberculous process . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . mediastinal contours are normal . heart size is within normal limits . lungs are clear . there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities . normal heart size and mediastinal contours . no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the visualized osseous structures are unremarkable in appearance . 
no acute disease . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation . small t - spine osteophytes . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified . <unk> images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings . 
no active disease . the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings . 
no evidence of active disease . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . calcified lymph xxxx are present . degenerative changes are present in the spine . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the heart is normal in size and contour . the lung volumes are low with bronchovascular crowding . the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate . there is no pneumothorax or effusion . 
no acute disease . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . mild dextroscoliosis of the lower thoracic spine . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal in size and appearance . pulmonary vascular is unremarkable . lungs are expanded and clear airspace disease . negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion . limited evaluation of the xxxx xxxx to be grossly intact
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . normal heart size and mediastinal contours . minimal blunting of the costophrenic xxxx . no focal airspace consolidation . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . 
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process . cardiac silhouette within normal limits . central pulmonary vasculature is not engorged . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . visualized osseous structures are unremarkable . no edema or focal consolidation in the lungs . 
no acute abnormality . heart size is normal . the lungs are grossly clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . the hilar and mediastinal contours are stable . normal pulmonary vascularity . no overt edema . 
small bilateral pleural effusions . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are hypoinflated . small bilateral pleural effusions are seen . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion . visualized osseous structures appear intact . 
left base airspace disease and nodular opacity in the right midlung . heart size within normal limits . there is focal left lateral base airspace disease . there is a <unk> mm nodular opacity in the right midlung . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusion . no displaced rib fractures . there is an apparent deformity of the right humeral surgical neck . this is not seen on the comparison . correlate clinically with history of fracture . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . heart size within normal limits . no focal airspace disease . stable <unk> mm lateral left midlung calcified granuloma . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . cardiac silhouette is upper limits of normal in size . normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature . there is evidence of healed granulomatous disease in the right hemithorax . lungs are without focal airspace consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . 
clear lungs . cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax . xxxx are grossly unremarkable . 
similar exam with changes of cystic fibrosis . no xxxx focal abnormality . right xxxx - a - xxxx tip overlies the mid svc . similar bronchiectatic changes with diffuse patchy airspace opacities . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . 
prior granulomatous disease . negative for acute abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . right suprahilar calcified lymph xxxx . right lung base calcified granuloma . no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . mildly hyperexpanded lungs . negative for acute bone abnormality . 
diffuse fibrosis . no visible focal acute disease . interstitial markings are diffusely prominent throughout both lungs . heart size is normal . pulmonary xxxx normal . 
findings consistent with mild congestive heart failure . heart is mildly heart enlarged . mediastinal contour normal . there is mild diffuse interstitial prominence suggestive of edema . no focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion . degenerative changes of the the spine . 
normal chest . heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses . 
moderate increase in size of the cardiac silhouette . unclear whether this is secondary to cardiomegaly or pericardial effusion . pulmonary vascular congestion . widened mediastinum . maybe secondary to prominent mediastinal fat or tortuous xxxx . however adenopathy or mass is not excluded . ct of the chest with contrast is recommended for further evaluation of these findings . there is widening of the mediastinum . there is moderate cardiomegaly identified . the central pulmonary xxxx appear enlarged . correlate for pulmonary vascular congestion . no focal infiltrate . no large effusion or pneumothorax . 
xxxx <unk> xxxx nodular density seen on the pa view only projecting in the right midlung . recommend noncontrasted enhanced xxxx for evaluation of this nodule . does this patient have known xxxx factors for malignancy? somewhat indistinct pulmonary interstitium possibly reflecting underlying pulmonary sarcoidosis there are no focal airspace opacities within the lungs . there is a <unk> cm nodular density projecting in the right midlung between the third and fourth right anterior ribs which does not appear to be present on the prior xxxx . to the pulmonary interstitium is not clear ma<unk>ing it the vasculature somewhat indistinct in the mid and lower lungs . this may reflect xxxx parenchymal nodules . xxxx nodules were identified on the prior chest ct . mediastinal contours appear grossly normal . there are small calcified left hilar lymph xxxx . the heart and pulmonary xxxx otherwise appear normal . pleural spaces appear clear . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration . pulmonary vasculature within normal limits . the lungs are well - aerated . there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation . 
low lung volumes otherwise clear . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . normal xxxx . xxxx cholecystectomy . 
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal contours . no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen . a dense nodule in the right base suggests a previous granulomatous process . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . no pneumothorax . 
hyperexpanded lungs consistent with emphysema . pectus carinatum . no evidence of acute disease . the lungs are hyperexpanded consistent with emphysema . pectus carinatum is noted . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . calcified granuloma are noted . vascular calcification is noted . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart is at the upper limits of normal size . lungs are clear without focal infiltrates . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . normal pulmonary vascularity . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia . there are mild degenerative changes of the spine . 
possible lower posterior lateral left rib fractures as described above . if further concern for rib fractures dedicated rib films would better evaluate . otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease . within the posterior lateral <unk>th rib there is a deformity along the cortex with associated obli<unk>ue lucency . in addition within the posterior lateral <unk>th rib there appears to be a obli<unk>uely oriented lucency with cortical disruption . findings are concerning for possible left rib fractures . otherwise the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . the lungs are clear bilaterally . multiple small punctate radiopa<unk>ue foreign bodies are seen within the subcutaneous tissues and are present on previous ct scan from xxxx . 
low lung volumes . no acute pulmonary findings . fractured xxxx sternotomy xxxx without evidence of complication . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are mildly hypoinflated but clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are multiple xxxx sternotomy xxxx and surgical clips compatible with prior cabg . the most caudal xxxx sternotomy xxxx is fractured . there are no acute bony findings . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . mediastinal contours are normal . lungs are clear . there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . 
normal chest heart size normal . lungs xxxx clear . xxxx xxxx normal . no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration . tortuous aorta with atherosclerotic calcification . pulmonary vasculature within normal limits . the lungs are well - aerated . there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation . there are multiple overlying leads at the level of the left lower chest with overlying xxxx xxxx or clothing there is this is thought to account for mild increased density the left lung base on ap view with correlate on lateral view . degenerative spine . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the lungs are clear and without focal airspace opacity . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour and stable . there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . 
normal chest heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities . low lung volumes causing bibasilar atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding . the trachea is midline . the cardio mediastinal silhouette is of normal size and contour . no evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion . low lung volumes xxxx xxxx atelectasis and bronchovascular crowding . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities . lateral view reveals degenerative changes of the thoracic spine . 
no active disease . mediport catheter seen on the right with the tip in the mid svc . the lungs appear to be clear . no pleural effusion is seen . the heart and mediastinum are normal . the skeletal structures are normal . 
no evidence of active disease . low lung volumes are present . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . there has been interval development of multiple healed left rib fractures . degenerative changes are present in the spine . 
xxxx xxxx right - sided chest tube tip projects outside the thoracic cavity . no residual pneumothorax . small residual pneumoperitoneum consistent with known colonic perforation . xxxx xxxx right - sided chest tube tip now projects outside the thoracic cavity . no definite residual pneumothorax . stable cardiomediastinal silhouette . there are low lung volumes . no large pleural effusion . no focal airspace consolidation . small amount of subdiaphragmatic free air . 
no evidence of active disease . heart size and pulmonary vascularity appears normal limits . lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . callus or granulomas identified . left xxxx - a - xxxx remains in xxxx . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities . the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact . 
no evidence of active disease . the lungs are clear . there is no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits . there are multilevel degenerative changes of the spine . 
no acute disease . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . mild hyperinflation is noted . there are granulomatous sequela . no acute infiltrate or significant pleural effusion are noted . the costophrenic xxxx are excluded . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . heart size normal . no focal airspace disease . no pneumothorax or effusions . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . the tracheostomy tube is in stable position . right subclavian catheter tip is in the lower svc . the left upper extremity picc tip is in the mid svc . surgical xxxx overlie the soft tissues of the neck . the lungs are clear . heart size is normal . no pneumothorax . 
clear lungs . lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour . degenerative changes in the spine . spinal stimulator is in xxxx with tip overlying the t<unk> vertebral body . 
no evidence of active disease . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . there is a scoliosis of the thoracic spine . the ribs as visualized appear unremarkable . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . the heart size is normal . the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact . there are degenerative changes within the xxxx bilaterally and left acromioclavicular joint . xxxx xxxx in the soft tissues of the right upper extremity . 
right basilar opacity with associated blunting of costophrenic xxxx on lateral view may represent small pleural effusion atelectasis andor consolidation . interface at the left hemidiaphragm may represent artifact however further evaluation with right lateral decubitus films would better evaluate . there is right basilar opacity with associated blunting of the costophrenic xxxx seen on lateral view . in addition there is a interface along the left hemidiaphragm . this may represent attenuation artifact however further evaluation with right lateral decubitus views would better evaluate . there is no pneumothorax . the xxxx lungs are clear . cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings . 
recurrent moderate sized left pleural effusion . heart size and mediastinal contour are normal . pulmonary vascularity is normal . the right lung is clear . there is a recurrence moderate - sized left pleural effusion . no pneumothorax . limited right base stringy density compatible with atelectasis . dextroscoliosis of the thoracic spine . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities . no displaced rib fractures are seen . the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . note is xxxx of calcifications in the aortic xxxx . the lungs are clear without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities . there is calcification of the chondral portions of the ribs . 
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease . the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease . there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . there are degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine . 
no acute abnormality . sternotomy xxxx noted . suture material overlies the left upper lobe . heart size within normal limits . negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax . scarring left costophrenic xxxx unchanged . calcified granulomas noted . 
no active disease . the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the heart is normal in size and contour . the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate . there is no pneumothorax or effusion . mild degenerative changes at the lower thoracic spine . 
interval postsurgical changes of xxxx sternotomy without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . postsurgical changes of xxxx sternotomy with screw fixation of anterior xxxx plates . heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal . no focal consolidation suspicious bony opacity pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute osseous abnormality . 
there is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease . the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits . there is no pulmonary edema . there is no focal consolidation . there are no xxxx of a pleural effusion . there is no evidence of pneumothorax . multilevel flowing anterior thoracic spine osteophytes which could represent changes of diffuse idiopathic skeletal hyperostosis (dish) . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities . the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion . there is no evidence of tuberculous disease . there is no pneumothorax . visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities . 
stable postop changes with mild cardiomegaly . small bilateral pleural effusions . changes post bilateral thoracotomy and xxxx sternotomy . intact xxxx xxxx . stable position of the epicardial xxxx xxxx . mild cardiomegaly . the lungs are clear . bilateral small pleural effusions . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the lungs are clear bilaterally . specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion . . scattered calcified granulomas noted . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax demonstrate mild multilevel degenerative disc disease of the thoracolumbar spine without acute abnormality . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings . 
stable appearance of chest without active process evident and without evidence of progression of disease in patient with history of hodg<unk>in's lymphoma . if one would like to discuss this case further please xxxx . xxxx at xxxx . than<unk>s . stable appearance of chest with no findings of disease progression . heart and mediastinum stable configuration . stable elevation of left hemidiaphragm . lungs clear of consolidation . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . bony thorax intact . minimal spondylosis of the lower thoracic spine . 
unchanged platelike bibasilar opacities most xxxx representing scarring or subsegmental atelectasis . no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . again seen are platelike hori<unk>ontal opacities in both lung bases through this is consistent with scarring or subsegmental atelectasis . there are t - spine osteophytes . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there there is no lobar pneumonia . there are calcified right hilar granuloma . there are degenerative changes of the xxxx . there is a curvilinear density within and along the right costophrenic sulcus which most xxxx represents a skinfold . there is a unchanged fracture with callus at the left <unk>th lateral rib . 
no focal airspace consolidation . hyperexpanded lungs suggestive of emphysema . lingular subsegmental atelectasis or scarring . the lungs are hyperexpanded . there are xxxx opacities in the lingula xxxx subsegmental atelectasis or scarring . there is no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . heart size is within normal limits . there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification . there are degenerative changes of the spine . 
radiographic findings suggestive of emphysema . calcified granulomas noted . xxxx symmetric apical scarring . the diaphragms are flattened and the chest is somewhat xxxx shaped . the cardiothymic silhouette is within normal limits for size . pulmonary vascularity is unremarkable . no acute bony abnormality . 
left upper lobe pneumonia . xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained . the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour . aortic xxxx appear unremarkable . lungs demonstrate left upper lobe airspace disease most xxxx pneumonia . there is no effusion or pneumothorax . 
stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . there is stable cardiomegaly . the mediastinum is unremarkable . atherosclerotic calcifications are present within the thoracic aorta . there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease . chronic degenerative changes are present in the thoracic spine . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the lungs are clear . heart size is normal . no pneumothorax . there is a cardiac xxxx with leads terminating in the right atrium and right ventricle . there are atherosclerotic calcifications . 
mild cardiomegaly with subsegmental atelectasis in the right lower lobe . there is mild cardiomegaly . the aorta is tortuous . there is xxxx opacities noted in the right lower lobe xxxx subsegmental atelectasis . there is no pneumothorax or effusion . no displaced rib fractures . if there is high clinical concern consider dedicated rib views for further evaluation . 
no acute findings apical lordotic frontal view . considering differences in technical factors xxxx stable cardiomediastinal silhouette with mild cardiomegaly . no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen . dense left lower lung nodule suggests a previous granulomatous process . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . there are no focal areas of consolidation . no pleural effusions . no pneumothorax . heart size within normal limits . osseous structures intact . 
borderline heart size and abnormal interstitial pulmonary pattern which may be compatible with chronic interstitial change differential diagnosis is xxxx and includes asymmetric pulmonary edema inflammation atypical infection infiltrative process . comparison with previous exams would be of xxxx . bilateral hilar fullness may indicate pulmonary hypertension and clinical correlation is recommended differential diagnosis reactive lymphadenopathy metastatic disease . heart size near top normal bilateral hilar fullness nonspecific in appearance mild aortic ectasiatortuosity . diaphragm flattening and relative apical lucencies suggestive of emphysema xxxx and irregular interstitial markings right greater than left . prominent left epicardial fat xxxx no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen . atrial septal occluder artifact . mild spine curvature . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . lungs are clear bilaterally . there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . xxxx are unremarkable . 
no evidence of active disease . heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . vascular calcification is noted . 
cardiomegaly with bilateral interstitial opacities . bilateral effusions andor atelectasis right worse than left . the heart size is enlarged . the mediastinal contour is within normal limits . calcification is seen within the aortic xxxx . xxxx interstitial opacities . there are no nodules or masses . stable appearing right perihilar calcified granulomas . no visible pneumothorax . bilateral costophrenic xxxx blunting left worse than right . the xxxx are grossly normal . there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm . 
no acute process . the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified . <unk> images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . heart size normal . no focal airspace disease . no pneumothorax or effusions . no bony abnormalities . 
hypoinflation with elevated left hemidiaphragm and possible left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis . followup evaluation is suggested in <unk> to <unk> weeks . impression : exam : chest <unk>v frontallateral date : xxxx xxxx xxxx pm comparison : ct chest xxxx history : shortness of breath findings : the heart is mildly enlarged . the lungs are hypoinflated with mildly elevated left hemidiaphragm . there is patchy opacity in the left lung base which may be secondary to atelectasis andor possible infiltrate . increased markings are noted throughout and were present on prior ct . the study is limited secondary to moderate xxxx motion . underlying emphysematous changes are identified . impression : hypoinflation with elevated left hemidiaphragm and possible left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis . followup evaluation is suggested in <unk> to <unk> weeks . the heart is mildly enlarged . the lungs are hypoinflated with mildly elevated left hemidiaphragm . there is patchy opacity in the left lung base which may be secondary to atelectasis andor possible infiltrate . increased markings are noted throughout and were present on prior ct . the study is limited secondary to moderate xxxx motion . underlying emphysematous changes are identified . 
normal chest . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and appearance . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . lungs are clear . 
no acute pulmonary disease . possible old injury or developmental anomaly partially t<unk> - lthe lungs are clear . there are calcified left hilar lymph xxxx . the heart and mediastinum are normal . the skeletal structures are notable for an old apparent fracture at t<unk> - l<unk> or congenital fusion unchanged from the prior study . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation . small t - spine osteophytes . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . pa and lateral views the chest were obtained . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration . the lungs are well aerated . no pneumothorax pleural effusion or lobar air space consolidation . xxxx right middle lobe collapse appears less distinct than on prior study . 
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours . no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen . bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema . 
cardiomegaly with central pulmonary vascular congestion and no acute cardiopulmonary findings . stable marked cardiomegaly . cardiac xxxx generator projects over the left mid hemithorax with a xxxx terminating in the right ventricle . no focal airspace disease . mild central pulmonary vascular congestion . the heart has the same configuration as seen previously with a pericardial effusion on an abdominal ct in xxxx . 
left basilar mixed interstitial and alveolar infiltrate . interval followup to resolution is recommended . heart size appears upper limits of normal . tortuous aorta . otherwise normal mediastinum . confluent and xxxx opacities seen within the left base . there are no visible nodules or masses . no visible pneumothorax . the xxxx are grossly normal . there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . the heart size is normal . lungs are clear . there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion . bony structures are within normal limits . 
interstitial markings bilaterally pulmonary fibrosis unchanged . redemonstration of interstitial opacities consistent with patient's history of pulmonary fibrosis . unchanged calcified granulomas at the left greater than right hilum and in the pretracheal region . no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation . cardiomediastinal size is the upper limits of normal . pulmonary vasculature is normal . xxxx xxxx intact . 
copd and old granulomatous disease . the lungs are clear . there is hyperinflation . calcification is seen over the anterior mediastinum xxxx a calcified lymph node at is not identified on the pa projection . the heart is normal . arthritic changes the spine are seen . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . lungs are clear . no focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax . heart and mediastinal contours are normal . osseous structures intact . 
left - sided small pleural effusion versus extrapleural fat or scarring . cardiomegaly . frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette . the cardiac silhouette remains moderately enlarged . there is no focal airspace consolidation . there is no visible pneumothorax . the left costophrenic sulcus is blunted . however no retrocardiac pleural fluid collection is seen on the lateral view . the right acromioclavicular joint is mildly widened with respect to the left . this is xxxx - xxxx and may be due to left xxxx xxxx osteoarthritis or a remote right xxxx xxxx mild xxxx . 
bilateral pulmonary nodules suggesting pulmonary metastases right internal jugular central catheter the distal tip in the right atrium . there are bilateral pulmonary nodules whose appearances suggest metastatic disease to lungs . in the right lung there is a <unk> x <unk> cm nodule overlying the posterior right <unk>th rib . there is a <unk> x <unk> cm nodule xxxx above this in the interspace between the posterior <unk>th and <unk>th ribs on the right . there is a <unk> x <unk> cm nodule projecting through the left <unk>th and <unk>th interspaces on the pa view . if not already performed contrast - enhanced xxxx would be xxxx suited to evaluate these findings . there are no focal airspace opacities to suggest pneumonia . to the stomach contours appear grossly clear . heart size and pulmonary xxxx appear normal . there are left - sided axillary clips . there is a right internal jugular central catheter the distal tip in right atrium . 
emphysema without acute cardiopulmonary findings . stable left chest cardiac xxxx generator with <unk> distal leads in right atrium and right ventricle . heart size normal . no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease . emphysema . stable calcified granulomas . bony structures appear intact . 
opacification of the right middle and lower lobes . mediastinal contours are normal . opacity within the right middle and lower lobes . no displacement of the xxxx or xxxx fissure . no pneumothorax . . 
stable and ade<unk>uately placed xxxx . prominent pulmonary vasculature subpleural edema and peribronchial cuffing suggestive of volume overload versus viral bronchiolitis . there is interval placement of a xxxx on the left chest with the catheter tip in the cavoatrial junction . the heart size is within normal limits . lung volumes within normal limits . slightly prominent pulmonary vascularity noted . increased peribronchial cuffing . no large consolidation effusion or pneumothorax . there is subpleural edema outlining the right xxxx fissure . 
emphysema without acute cardiopulmonary process . heart size and mediastinal contour are normal . pulmonary vascularity is normal . lungs are mildly hyperexpanded but clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . degenerative changes in the thoracic spine . 
bibasilar airspace disease left greater than right . stable postsurgical changes with colonic interposition overlying the mediastinum . redemonstration of colonic interposition overlying the mediastinum . there are increased bibasilar airspace opacities left greater than right . no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . 
streaky left retrocardiac airspace opacities in the correct clinical setting this could represent a pneumonia . there are are streaky retrocardiac left lower lobe opacities in the correct clinical setting this could represent a pneumonia . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities normal cardiac contour . stable calcified granuloma left upper lobe . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . clear lungs bilaterally . 
no active disease . the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal . 
no acute pulmonary abnormality . the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality . stable paratracheal soft tissue density dating back to exams in xxxx xxxx confluence of vascular shadows . lungs are hyperexpanded . heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified . no acute osseous abnormality identified . 
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process . the heart size is normal . the mediastinal contour is within normal limits . the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates . there are no nodules or masses . no visible pneumothorax . no visible pleural fluid . the xxxx are grossly normal . there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax . stable left lower lobe scarring . normal heart size and pulmonary vascularity . there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine noted . 
no active disease . the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . . bilateral calcified granulomas stable compared to prior examination without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified . cardiomediastinal silhouette stable and unremarkable . no acute osseous abnormality identified . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . minimal streaky atelectasis the left lung base . no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified . thoracic spondylosis . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . there are t - spine osteophytes . small nodule projecting near the left heart xxxx is unchanged from xxxx and appears calcified . this xxxx represents a calcified granuloma . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation . 
chest radiograph . no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process . normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours . the lungs are clear without focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax . findings compatible with prior granulomatous disease . the visualized xxxx xxxx are intact without acute osseous abnormality . 
no active disease . the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no radiodense foreign bodies noted . no acute osseous findings . 
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour . the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax . osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age . . 
generalized low lung lungs with eventration of the left hemidiaphragm . question concomitant left basilar opacity may represent atelectasis or infiltrate . eventration of the left diaphragm is noted . question left basilar atelectasis versus infiltrate . no evidence of pneumothorax . generalized lung volumes . no definite pleural effusions . heart size within normal limits . osseous structures intact . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation . heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits . xxxx xxxx are intact . there is a small calcified granuloma in the right midlung . 
mild xxxx xxxx opacities compatible with residual atelectasisscarring . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is stable . the previously visualized bilateral pneumothoraces have resolved . right chest wall surgical xxxx have been removed . there is improved aeration in the lung bases with mild residual xxxx opacities compatible with scarring or atelectasis . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . <unk> cm nodular opacity within the right hilum there is xxxx large lymph node or partially calcified granuloma . followup xxxx radiograph to assess stability may be of benefit . no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified . however there is a <unk> cm nodular opacity within the right hilum which may represent partially calcified granuloma or lymphadenopathy . scattered calcified granulomas also seen . heart size is upper limit normal . no acute bony abnormality . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified . multilevel thoracic spondylosis is again demonstrated . . 
no acute cardiopulmonary process . if patient's symptoms persist recommend repeat study xxxx chest in one xxxx . pa and lateral views were obtained . lungs are clear . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits . bony structures are intact . 
bihilar prominence may be secondary mild lymphoid enlargement . followup chest x - xxxx versus further imaging xxxx may be indicated . correlation with prior films would be helpful if available . the heart is normal in size . there is bihilar prominence . the lungs are clear . 
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process . the cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are unremarkable . the lungs are well expanded and clear . there are no focal air space opacities . there is no pneumothorax or effusion . there are calcified hilar lymph xxxx suggesting prior granulomatous disease . the bony structures of the thorax are intact with no evidence of acute osseous abnormality . 
no active disease . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal . 
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour . the lungs are normally inflated and clear . osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age . 
changes of chronic interstitial lung disease with ill - defined patchy left apical and right basilar airspace disease . pa and lateral chest radiograph may be of benefit xxxx clinically feasible . cardiomediastinal silhouette stable with atherosclerosis of the thoracic aorta . diffusely coarsened interstitial markings are noted consistent with chronic lung disease with worsened patchy opacities and a left apex and right base . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormality . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . lungs are clear bilaterally . cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal . pulmonary vasculature is normal . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormality . 
clear lungs . no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . lungs are clear . heart size is normal . no pneumothorax . there are surgical clips seen within the upper abdomen . 
no acute disease . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . 
no evidence of active disease . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . right hemidiaphragm remains elevated . no pleural effusion is seen . no pneumothorax is identified . no discrete nodules or adenopathy are noted . degenerative changes are present in the spine . right xxxx - a - xxxx has been inserted since the previous study . the tip projects over the lower superior xxxx xxxx . 
no acute cardiopulmonary process . heart size is normal . there is tortuosity of the thoracic aorta stable compared with prior . no focal airspace disease or effusion . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . degenerative changes in the thoracic spine . 
patchy opacity left base may represent evolving infiltrate . small right pleural effusion . low lung volumes . question patchy opacity left base . no pneumothorax . osseous structures intact . small right effusion . 
no acute cardiopulmonary process . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance . the thoracic aorta is tortuous . no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation . no pneumothorax . no large pleural effusion . mild degenerative changes and osteopenia of the thoracic spine . overlying e<unk>g leads . 
no acute findings . cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . right chest xxxx tip in the low svc . right granulomatous disease . the lungs are clear . bony structures are intact . 
vague opacity in the right midlung this could reflect a small focus of atelectasis or infiltrate . bibasilar airspace opacities xxxx atelectasis . the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . streaky bibasilar opacities xxxx atelectasis . vague opacity in the right midlung . scattered calcified granulomas . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality seen on chest x - xxxx . no pneumothorax . the trachea is midline . cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . the lungs are clear without evidence of acute infiltrate or effusion . there is no pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no abnormalities . 
no acute cardiopulmonary process . the cardiac silhouette upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no acute air space infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the visualized osseous structures are intact . 
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process . the heart size is normal . the mediastinal contour is within normal limits . there are multiple calcified granulomas within the left lower lobe . the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates . there are no nodules or masses . no visible pneumothorax . no visible pleural fluid . the xxxx are grossly normal . there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . . the lungs are clear bilaterally . specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion . . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality . 
post operative chest with no acute disease . sternotomy sutures and bypass grafts have been placed in the interval . both lungs remain clear and expanded with no infiltrates . pulmonary xxxx are normal . 
no acute pulmonary process . large hiatal hernia . aortic atherosclerotic calcifications . large hiatal hernia . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no focal opacity . cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in size and appearance . 
right middle lobe opacity which may represent a focal area of consolidation or atelectasis . right middle lobe opacity is present . the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax . no large pleural effusion . 
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease heart xxxx mediastinum xxxx bony structures and lung xxxx are unremarkable . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . there is stable xxxx scarring in the right upper lobe . lungs are otherwise clear . there is no xxxx focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings . 
no acute intrathoracic abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance . no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusion . mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine . . no acute displaced rib fractures . 
no acute pulmonary abnormality . the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality . lungs are hyperexpanded . minimal xxxx scarring in both lower lobes . heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits . stable mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta . 
xxxx atelectasis in the right lung base . elevated right hemidiaphragm . no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . stable cardiomediastinal silhouette . elevated right hemidiaphragm . xxxx atelectasis in the right lung base . no focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormality . degenerative changes of the thoracic spine . 
no evidence of active tb . there are no acute osseous abnormalities . there are surgical clips in the right upper abdomen xxxx from cholecystectomy . normal heart size . normal hilar vascular markings . the lungs are grossly clear without focal area of consolidation pleural effusion pneumothorax . 
xxxx lucency under the right hemidiaphragm may represent free intraperitoneal air . left lateral decubitus film may be helpful . clear lungs . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . the lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . xxxx lucency under the right hemidiaphragm may represent a focus of free air . 
lungs are clear without suspicious pulmonary nodules or masses . lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour . old left rib fractures . 
stable cardiomegaly without acute cardio pulmonary process . heart size is enlarged but stable . stable sequela prior granulomatous disease . stable xxxx sternotomy xxxx with fracture of the superior - most sternotomy xxxx . . the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax . degenerative endplate changes of the spine . 
blunting of the right costophrenic sulcus could be secondary to a xxxx effusion versus scarring . no focal airspace consolidation . the heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits . there is blunting of the right lateral costophrenic sulcus which could be secondary to a small effusion versus scarring . no focal airspace consolidation or pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormalities . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . cardiomediastinal silhouette and central pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no focal air space opacity . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . no acute bony abnormality is demonstrated . 
emphysema with no acute cardiopulmonary findings . mild hyperexpansion of the lungs . numerous bilateral rib deformities . no focal airspace disease . heart size is normal . no pneumothorax or effusion . large flowing anterior endplate osteophytes of the thoracic spine . 
slight interval worsening of the diffusely increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings greatest in the peripheral aspect of the left lung and the left lung base . these findings are most consistent with slight interval worsening of the patient's known interstitial lung disease . stable mild left - sided volume loss . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance . no interval change in the diffuse increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings greatest in the peripheral aspect of the left lung and left lung base . these opacities appear slightly increased as compared to prior examination . mild left - sided volume loss redemonstrated unchanged . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . the thoracic spine appears intact . 
no focal pulmonary consolidation or effusion . minimal left basilar atelectasis . bilateral pulmonary nodules . these were not present on the prior study and may represent sequela of infection but could represent neoplastic process . correlation with history of primary malignancy is recommended . further evaluation xxxx of the thorax could be performed if clinically indicated . the cardiac silhouette upper mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no acute pulmonary consolidation large effusion or pneumothorax . there is minimal left basilar atelectasis . there are small bilateral pulmonary nodules measure approximately <unk> mm in size in the right midlung and left upper lung xxxx . these are not well appreciated on the lateral projection . 
no acute disease . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . 
diffuse reticulonodular pattern bilaterally . the this may represent heart failure opportunistic infection or idiopathic interstitial pneumonitis . xxxx of chest for further characterization . cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits . the there is a diffuse reticulonodular pattern the lungs bilaterally . pulmonary vasculature is within normal limits . negative for pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . bony thorax is unremarkable
no acute disease . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . 
negative chest lungs are clear . heart and mediastinum appear normal . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities . cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits . lungs are without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion . calcified left hilar lymph xxxx . a calcified granuloma is seen in the left lower lobe . bony thorax is unremarkable . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities . cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits . lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion . bony thorax is unremarkable . 
stable postsurgical changes of left hemithorax with resolution of small apical pneumothorax and basilar air space opacities . the heart size is normal . mediastinal contours are within normal limits . postsurgical changes of left hemithorax are stable . skin xxxx have been removed since prior study study . the left apical pneumothorax has resolved . there are mild chronic opacities in the left lung base with probable small residual effusion . the right lung is grossly clear . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities . the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are hyperexpanded . no focal airspace disease . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . exaggerated kyphosis . 
normal chest heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses . 
right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis . no definite findings of pneumonia . exam limited by patient rotation . mild rightward deviation of the trachea . stable cardiomegaly . unfolding of the thoracic aorta . persistent right pleural effusion with adjacent atelectasis . low lung volumes . no focal airspace consolidation . there is severe degenerative changes of the right shoulder . 
clear lungs . no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the lungs are clear . heart size is normal . no pneumothorax . there are endplate changes within the spine . 
no active disease . the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal . 
numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules with dominant nodulemass in the left lower lung . diagnostic considerations would include primary lung carcinoma with metastatic nodules versus secondary metastatic disease from known brain tumor . suggest clinical correlation and further imaging xxxx examination . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinal contours are within normal limits . there are numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules of varying sizes . the largest is noted in the left lower lobe posteriorly measuring approximately <unk> cm . no acute infiltrate or pleural effusion are appreciated . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . no evidence of active tuberculosis . no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation . heart size and pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits . xxxx xxxx are intact . 
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours . mild hyperinflation appears similar to prior . no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen . scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings no typical findings of pulmonary edema . 
stable chest . no acute disease process identified . frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette . normal mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and aeration of the lungs . no pleural effusion . there are xxxx spine marginal osteophytes . 
minimal left basilar atelectasis versus infiltrate . low lung volumes . normal cardiomediastinal contours . low lung volumes with minimal left basilar opacities . no pneumothorax or pleural effusions . 
no acute process . the cardiac contours are normal . cardiac valve replacement . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis . 
no acute cardiopulmonary process . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance . no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusion . the thoracic spine appears intact . . 
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease . low lung volumes . no focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax . normal heart size . bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable
no evidence of active disease . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . degenerative changes are present in the spine . 
mildly hyperinflated clear lungs . heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . there is bilateral hyperinflation without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion . visualized osseous structures appear intact . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . lungs are clear bilaterally . there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothoraces . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . xxxx are unremarkable . 
no acute intrathoracic abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance . the thoracic aorta is calcified . no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusion . the thoracic spine appears intact . 
no acute process . cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . bony structures are intact . 
no active disease . calcified granulomata are present in the right middle lobe and right upper lobe . these are unchanged since the previous examination . both lungs are free of active infiltrates . heart size normal . 
no active disease . the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . no change in a small calcified right apical granuloma . heart and mediastinum normal . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the lungs are clear bilaterally . specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion . . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality . 
no acute disease . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . 
negative chest . the lungs are clear . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . 
no active disease . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . there are changes of prior midline sternotomy with surgical clips consistent with cabg and stable mild cardiomegaly . no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified . visualized osseous structures appear intact . 
cardiomegaly with mild bibasilar infiltrates versus atelectasis . heart size is enlarged . the aorta is unfolded . otherwise the mediastinal contour is normal . there are streaky bibasilar opacities . there are no nodules or masses . no visible pneumothorax . no visible pleural fluid . the xxxx are grossly normal . there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm . 
no acute process . the cardiac contours are normal . prominent pulmonary arteries . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis . 
limited study but no acute pulmonary disease identified . this study is limited secondary to patient body habitus . the lungs are clear . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the heart and mediastinum are normal . the skeletal structures are normal . 
no active disease . the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . no change in the small calcified right upper lobe nodule . heart and mediastinum normal . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . there is no focal consolidation . there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable . the heart size is within normal limits . 
no acute findings . cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . bony structures are intact . 
low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the lungs demonstrate low lung volumes but are clear bilaterally . specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion . . mild streaky opacities in the left upper lobe on frontal projection are xxxx atelectatic or scar . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . there are no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious pulmonary opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . no evidence of pneumothorax . osseous structures intact . 
evidence of prior granulomatous disease stable . no acute abnormality . the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable . again identified are numerous calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx as well as large calcifications within the left upper and left lower lobes . these appear similar to the patient's previous chest ct and are xxxx the sequela of prior granulomatous disease . the lungs are otherwise clear without infiltrate . there is no effusion or pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . there are no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious pulmonary opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . there is no evidence of pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . low lung volumes . normal heart size . the trachea is midline . lungs are clear . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusion . 
possible right lower lobe pneumonia . cardiomegaly heart size is moderately enlarged . the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is suspected right lower lobe airspace opacity xxxx demonstrated on the lateral study . there is a fracture of superior sternotomy xxxx unchanged . 
focal opacity in the right midlung zone worrisome for pneumonitis . mild pulmonary vascular congestion . there is a focal area of opacity in the right midlung zone . this was not present on the recent prior study . there is prominence of the pulmonary markings throughout and there are small bilateral pleural effusions . the heart is not significantly enlarged . there is a prosthetic valve . there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta . arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted . 
no acute pulmonary abnormality . mild cardiomegaly without pulmonary edema . the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality . calcified right hilar lymph xxxx . heart size is enlarged pulmonary vascularity within normal limits . xxxx sternotomy xxxx and prosthetic aortic valve noted . 
cardiomegaly with diffuse interstitial opacities . findings may be secondary to pulmonary edema . atypical infection is another consideration . there is mild cardiomegaly . aorta is heavily calcified and tortuous consistent with atherosclerotic disease . there are diffuse increased interstitial opacities identified . this may be secondary to edema or alternatively atypical infection . no large effusion or visualized pneumothorax . osteopenia of the spine is identified . 
bronchovascular crowding versus atelectasis within the right lung base otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary disease . cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal . pulmonary vasculature is normal . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormality . xxxx xxxx opacities xxxx reflecting atelectasis versus bronchovascular crowding . 
no acute cardiopulmonary process . lungs are clear . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . calcified left suprahilar xxxx . the heart and mediastinum are within normal limits . bony structures are intact . 
there is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease . normal cardiomediastinal silhouette . there is no focal consolidation . there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion . there is no pneumothorax . there is no acute bony abnormality seen . acromioclavicular joint degenerative change . 
cardiomegaly without superimposed acute disease identified . heart size is mildly enlarged . the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia . there is a calcified granuloma in the right lung base . there are mild degenerative changes of the spine . there are some chronic increased interstitial markings noted . 
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process . no acute osseous abnormality . mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine . stable normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours . prominence of superior mediastinal xxxx superimposed structures . no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax . mild bibasilar atelectasis . 
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour . the lungs are normally inflated and clear . osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age . 
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process . cardiac silhouette within normal limits . no edema or airspace consolidation . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusion . 
left upper lobe pneumonia . followup radiographs after appropriate therapy in <unk> - <unk> weeks are indicated to exclude an underlying abnormality . the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is a region of left upper lobe perihilar opacity identified . 
normal exam . normal heart size . normal mediastinal silhouette . no pneumothorax pleural effusion or suspicious focal air space opacity . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . pa and lateral views of the chest were obtained . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and configuration . the lungs are well aerated . there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation . old right rib fractures . 
chest radiograph . no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process . xxxx sternotomy xxxx are in xxxx and intact . normal cardiomediastinal silhouette . the bilateral costophrenic xxxx are excluded from the image on the pa view . lungs are clear without focal areas of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax . xxxx xxxx are intact without acute osseous abnormality . mild degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine . 
no acute findings . cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . bony structures are intact . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity or definite pleural effusion . heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits . stable mediastinal contour . calcified hilar lymph xxxx . visualized osseous structures unremarkable . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . pelvis . no acute osseous findings . chest . heart size within normal limits . no focal airspace disease . no pneumothorax or effusions . pelvis . there are numerous clips overlying the pelvis and lower abdomen . nonobstructive bowel xxxx pattern . no pathologic calcifications . hip joint spaces are symmetric and normal . sacroiliac joints are unremarkable . no fractures or dislocations . 
no acute intrathoracic abnormality . xxxx sternotomy xxxx remain in xxxx . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance . the thoracic aorta is tortuous . no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusion . moderate degenerative changes of the thoracic spine . no acute displaced rib fractures identified . 
no evidence of active disease . low lung volumes are present . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . surgical clips are present in the abdomen . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia . 
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process . the heart size is normal . the mediastinal contour is within normal limits . the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates . mild lung hyperinflation . there are no nodules or masses . no visible pneumothorax . no visible pleural fluid . degenerative changes seen within the midthoracic spine . there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm . 
low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding otherwise lungs are clear . the cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding . otherwise the lungs are clear . there is no pneumothorax . no large pleural effusion . 
no acute pulmonary disease . xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained . one ap view is expiratory and was repeated . the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour . aortic xxxx appear unremarkable . lungs demonstrate no focal infiltrates . there is no effusion or pneumothorax . 
no acute pulmonary disease . xxxx xxxx and lateral chest examination was obtained . the heart silhouette is normal in size and contour . aortic xxxx appear unremarkable . lungs demonstrate no acute findings . there is no effusion or pneumothorax . 
unremarkable examination of the chest . degenerative changes of the thoracic spine . heart size normal . lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . low lung volumes . 
no evidence of active disease . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . vp shunt tubing is identified . the bony structures as visualized appear unremarkable . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . calcified mediastinal xxxx . no focal areas of consolidation . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . no evidence of pneumothorax . degenerative changes thoracic spine . 
negative for acute cardiopulmonary disease . <unk> cm right lower lobe nodule xxxx calcified granulomas disease . if patient high xxxx for pulmonary malignancy consider cross - sectional imaging to verify . no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease . there is a discrete <unk> cm nodule within the anterior segment of the right lower lobe . the additional nodular opacities consistent with chronic granulomatous disease . heart size normal . cardiomediastinal silhouette is clear . bony structures appear intact . right unilateral nipple ring . 
heart size is normal and the lungs are clear . heart size is normal and the lungs are clear . 
low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . low lung volumes noted . the heart size is within normal limits . pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable . no focal consolidations effusions or pneumothoraces . 
no acute cardiopulmonary process . coronary artery stents visualized . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour . the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no acute bone abnormality . 
no acute disease . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . no evidence of active tuberculosis . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration . atherosclerotic calcification of the thoracic aorta . pulmonary vasculature within normal limits . the lungs are well - aerated . there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation . 
no acute preoperative findings . cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . bony structures are intact . 
no acute disease . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . 
no focal airspace consolidation . mildly hyperexpanded lungs suggestive of obstructive lung disease . lungs are mildly hyperexpanded . the lungs are clear . there is no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits . there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the lungs are clear bilaterally . specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion . cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . xxxx and soft tissues are unremarkable . 
large right pleural effusion with associated passive atelectasis of the right middle and lower lobes . grossly clear left lung . the left lung is grossly clear . the right lung demonstrates a large right pleural effusion with associated atelectatic collapse of the right middle lobe and partial collapse of the right lower lobe . xxxx opacities are seen within the aerated right lung xxxx subsegmental atelectasis . no focal consolidation or pneumothorax identified . no acute osseous abnormality . cardio mediastinal silhouette is stable compared to prior examinations . 
postsurgical changes of cabg without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . intact xxxx sternotomy xxxx and cabg markers . calcified granulomas . heart size is normal . no focal airspace consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or pleural effusion . t - spine degenerative changes . 
no acute disease . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . 
minimal left basilar atelectasis or scar . no acute displaced rib fractures demonstrated . the cardiac silhouette is near upper limits of normal in size . pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber . there is minimal xxxx atelectasis or scar in the left lung base . the lungs are otherwise grossly clear . there is a small calcified granuloma in the left upper lobe . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute displaced rib fractures are demonstrated . 
xxxx opacity projecting over the left midlung . comparison examinations would be useful . if no comparison examinations exist xxxx would be helpful for further evaluation . there is a xxxx opacity projecting over the left midlung posterior on the lateral view . no pleural effusions . no evidence of pneumothorax . heart size top normal . degenerative changes thoracic spine . 
no acute findings . please note that fractures may not be demonstrated and consider additional imaging as clinically indicated . no focal consolidation pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion . nodular density projected over the left base with no lateral view correlate xxxx secondary to soft tissue overlay . heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits no mediastinal widening characteristic in appearance of vascular injury . no acute osseous injury xxxx demonstrated . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation . cardiomediastinal size is within normal limits . pulmonary vasculature is normal . xxxx xxxx intact . chondral cartilages causing xxxx over the anterior lungs on lateral view . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette . there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation . 
no acute pulmonary disease . the lungs are clear . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the heart and mediastinum are normal . the skeletal structures are normal . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . stable cardiomediastinal silhouette . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . lungs are expanded and clear of airspace disease . negative for pneumothorax or pleural effusion . xxxx xxxx are grossly intact . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . normal and stable cardiomediastinal contours . no pneumothorax or pleural effusions . no focal lung consolidation . 
no acute findings . cardiomediastinal size and contour is grossly normal for ap technique . there is a calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe . the lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute displaced fractures are demonstrated . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . the heart size is normal . lungs are clear . there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion . bony structures are within normal limits . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities . heart size mediastinal contours are normal in appearance . no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine . 
there is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease . normal cardiomediastinal silhouette . there is no focal consolidation . there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion . there is no pneumothorax . there is no acute bony abnormality seen . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . stable mild rightward curvature of the thoracic spine . heart size is normal . no focal airspace disease . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute osseous findings . 
no evidence of active disease . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . 
mildly hypoinflated grossly clear lungs . cardiac silhouette is within normal limits in size for ap technique . lungs are mildly hypoinflated but grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion . pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber . there are no acute bony findings . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . no evidence of pneumonia . the lungs are clear . the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal . pleural spaces are clear . the mediastinal contours are normal . there is calcification of the thoracic aorta . 
no evidence of active disease . the lungs are clear . there is no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . heart size and mediastinal contour are normal . 
minimal patchy bibasilar opacities xxxx evolving pneumonia or atelectasis xxxx bilateral pleural effusions minimal patchy bibasilar airspace opacities xxxx atelectasis or evolving pneumonia . the heart pulmonary xxxx appear normal . is minimal blunting of the pleural spaces xxxx xxxx effusions . 
cardiomegaly however no acute cardiopulmonary findings . there has been interval sternotomy with intact midline sternotomy xxxx . the heart is near top normal in size with unfolding of the aorta . the lungs are grossly clear with no focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the osseous structures are grossly normal . 
no acute abnormality . no pulmonary nodule identified . heart size within normal limits . negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no pulmonary nodules identified . 
no acute findings . cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . prior granulomatous disease . the lungs are otherwise clear . thoracic spondylosis . bilateral breast prostheses with xxxx calcification . 
no acute disease . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . 
copd . no acute disease . lungs are hyperexpanded . bullae are present in the upper lobes . no focal infiltrates or masses in the lungs . heart size normal . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . no the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation . there are t - spine osteophytes . 
multiple bilateral pulmonary nodules concerning for metastatic disease . prominent left hilum . after correlation with the xxxx scan performed today findings xxxx reflect enlargement of the left pulmonary artery . there are multiple bilateral pulmonary nodules . for example there is a <unk> mm left lower lobe nodule xxxx seen on the frontal view . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . heart size is within normal limits . the left hilar contour is prominent . there are diffuse degenerative changes of the spine . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal . no consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . osseous structures and soft tissues are unchanged . 
interval resolution of bibasilar airspace disease . hyperinflation with chronic changes of emphysema . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are mildly hyperinflated with flattening of the diaphragms and expansion of the retrosternal clear space . compared with prior exam there has been interval resolution of previously demonstrated bibasilar infiltrates . there is minimal xxxx scarring or atelectasis in the right midlung . there is no xxxx focal airspace disease . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings . 
no acute abnormality . heart size is normal . the lungs are clear . there are no focal air space consolidations . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal . calcified lingular pulmonary granuloma . normal pulmonary vascularity . 
cardiomegaly and increased interstitial opacities which may be compatible with mild pulmonary edema differential diagnosis includes infection inflammation aspiration stable enlargement of the cardiac silhouette stable mediastinal contours . increased interstitial markings in the central lungs and bases right greater than left . xxxx opacity on the lateral view over the heart also present on the previous exam suggesting chronic subsegmental atelectasis or scarring . no definite pleural effusion seen . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . the heart is mildly enlarged . lung volumes are low . there is no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . bony structures are within normal limits . there is no free air under the diaphragm . there is a mild amount of xxxx seen in the transverse colon . 
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process . the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified . oval sclerotic density projecting over the inferior right glenoid may represent synovial osteochondromatosis or cortical xxxx xxxx . this is unchanged <unk> <unk> xxxx . the remaining osseous structures and visualized upper abdomen are unremarkable in appearance . 
no acute disease . cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . bony structures are intact . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . scattered granulomas and bilateral perihilar calcified lymph xxxx . stable lingular scarring . no focal consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified . no bony abnormality . 
minimally displaced fracture involving the lateral right <unk>th rib xxxx acute . there is and associated small right pleural effusion and right basilar atelectasis . questionable anterior xxxx cortical disruption seen xxxx on lateral view . xxxx would be needed to evaluate this . xxxx left - sided pleural effusion there is a minimally displaced fracture of the right lateral <unk>th rib . there is a small right pleural effusion with associated atelectasis of the right lower lobe . there appears to be a healing fracture of the posterolateral right <unk>th rib . there is questionable corticaldefect involving the sternum seen xxxx on lateral view . xxxx would be xxxx to evaluate this finding . as the small right - sided pleural effusion is visible on both pa and lateral views . there is a xxxx left - sided pleural effusion as well . the left lung appears grossly clear . heart size and pulmonary xxxx appear normal . there is a mild scoliosis involving the thoracic spine . 
no evidence of active disease . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . scoliosis and degenerative changes are present in the spine . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . the cardiac silhouette is near upper limits of normal in size . pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber . there is mild tortuosity of the descending thoracic aorta . the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings . there are mild degenerative endplate changes in the thoracic spine . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities . normal cardiac contours . clear lung xxxx bilaterally . no pneumothorax or pleural effusions . 
mild cardiomegaly without heart failure . mild cardiomegaly . low lung volumes without focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . negative for acute bone abnormality . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the heart size of the limits of normal . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation . there is a calcified granuloma right midlung and posterior costophrenic sulcus . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . . the lungs are clear bilaterally . specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion . . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax . xxxx are grossly unremarkable . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities . the trachea is midline . the heart size is normal . xxxx opacities are seen in the left lower lobe and left costodiaphragmatic xxxx which could represent scarring or atelectasis . there is no pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormalities . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size mediastinal contour and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified . no acute osseous abnormality identified . 
negative for acute abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . normal xxxx . 
cardiomegaly and pulmonary venous hypertension . the heart is large and the pulmonary xxxx are engorged . no infiltrates . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . there are mildly diminished lung volumes . cardiac silhouette is normal in size . normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature . the lungs are without focal airspace consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothoraces . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration . pulmonary vasculature within normal limits . the lungs are well - aerated . there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . there are no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious pulmonary opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . no evidence of pneumothorax . osseous structures intact . 
the lungs are clear . heart size and mediastinal contours are normal . no osseous abnormalities . 
cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . cardiomegaly . no focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax . mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta . bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities . no large pleural effusions . no pneumothorax . no focal airspace opacities . heart size is normal . 
hyperexpansion without acute pulmonary abnormality . the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality . hyperexpanded lungs . calcified right upper lobe granuloma unchanged . heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits . no displaced rib fractures . 
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process . cardiac and mediastinal xxxx appear normal . no visible pneumothorax focal airspace opacity or pleural effusion is seen . no visible free air under the diaphragm . the osseous structures appear intact . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . no focal consolidation . no visualized pneumothorax . the heart size is normal . there are no large pleural effusions . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . there is an s - shaped scoliosis of the thoracic spine . heart size and pulmonary vascularity within normal limits . no focal infiltrate pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . cardiac silhouette pulmonary vascular pattern within normal limits . no focal infiltrate pneumothorax or pulmonary edema . no pleural effusion . osseous structures within normal limits . 
right upper lobe pneumonia . rounded nodular opacity in the peripheral left upper lung which may represent further sequela infectious process versus other pathology including metastatic disease in a patient with thyroid cancer . follow up to resolution recommended . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour . there is right upper lobe airspace disease . . there is a rounded nodular opacity in the left upper lung measuring approximately <unk> mm which may represent further sequela of infectious process versus other pathology . osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age . 
negative for acute abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . negative for acute displaced rib fracture . 
findings of copd with no acute changes . lungs are hyperexpanded . no infiltrates or masses . the eventration of the left hemidiaphragm identified previously is largely unchanged since the previous computed tomogram . pulmonary xxxx are normal . 
lungs appear relatively clear on today's exam . no significant interval change since the prior study and xxxx . the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis . 
chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with no acute findings . the lungs remain hyperexpanded . no masses or infiltrates in the lungs . no pleural or mediastinal air collections . heart size normal . 
low lung volumes with grossly clear lungs . heart size is within normal limits for ap technique . low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding . no focal infiltrate . no visible pneumothorax . no pleural effusion . 
no acute disease . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . 
no evidence of active disease . heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation . 
extensive pulmonary bronchiectasis and scarring from cystic fibrosis not significantly xxxx from prior . left - sided medication in<unk>ection xxxx has its tip projecting over the cavoatrial junction . left - sided medication in<unk>ection xxxx has its tip projecting at the cavoatrial junction . the trachea is midline . extensive bilateral bronchiectasis cystic changes and scarring represents sequela from the patient's cystic fibrosis . no evidence of focal pulmonary infiltrate or pleural effusion . no large pneumothorax has developed in the interim . the overlying bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities . the heart size is normal . 
no acute pulmonary disease . the lungs are clear . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there has been xxxx xxxx sternotomy . the heart and mediastinum are normal . the skeletal structures are normal . 
<unk> cm nodular density in the anterior costophrenic xxxx on the lateral view which could represent overlapping shadows or actual pulmonary nodule . recommend followup with chest ct . heart size is normal . prior calcified granulomatous disease . on the lateral view in the anterior costophrenic xxxx there is a <unk> x <unk> cm nodular density which seems to be present previously but is more nodular in appearance on this examination . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . endplate degenerative changes of the thoracolumbar spine and mild scoliosis are unchanged . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . . the lungs are clear bilaterally . specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion . . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality . 
stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . compared to prior examination from xxxx there has been extubation and removal of central line and enteric tube . stable cardiomegaly and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis . left basilar opacity xxxx represents chronic fibrosisscar . no focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion . no acute osseous abnormality . 
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour . the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax . osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age . . 
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour . the lungs are normally inflated and clear . osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age . 
findings of cystic fibrosis with increased interstitial and nodular opacities xxxx representing acute exacerbation on chronic changes of cystic fibrosis . heart size within normal limits . prominent interstitial and nodular opacities are increased since comparison exam . there is a <unk> cm nodular opacity in the right costophrenic xxxx increased since comparison examination . a cystic lesion in the right upper lobe appears similar to prior examination . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary process . no focal lung consolidation . heart size and pulmonary vascularity are within normal limits . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . osseous structures are grossly intact . 
no active disease . the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . mediastinal contours are within normal limits . heart size is within normal limits . no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion . cervical fusion xxxx . degenerative changes of the spine and the acromioclavicular joints . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . low lung volumes . heart size normal . no focal airspace consolidations . no pneumothorax or effusions . 
enlarged cardiac silhouette possibly consistent with mild cardiomegaly versus a small pericardial effusion . mild bibasilar atelectasis andor infiltrates with probable small bilateral pleural effusions on the right greater than left and pleural thickening versus loculated pleural fluid along the peripheral aspect of the right upper lobe . there is interval removal of the tracheostomy tube and right subclavian central venous catheter . the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged . there are xxxx xxxx pulmonary opacities with blunting of the bilateral costophrenic xxxx on the right greater than left with pleural thickening versus loculated pleural fluid along the peripheral aspect of the right upper lobe . right perihilar opacities . no pneumothorax identified . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration . the thoracic aorta is tortuous . pulmonary vasculature within normal limits . the lungs are well - aerated . there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation . there is no obvious displaced rib fracture . if there is concern for fracture consider rib series . 
no acute preoperative findings . cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . bony structures are intact . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . cardiomegaly . cardiomegaly . no focal consolidation . no pleural effusions . no evidence of pneumothorax . osseous structures intact . levocurvature of the thoracic spine . lumbar vertebral body stabili<unk>ation xxxx . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there is corticated irregularity of the right posterior <unk>th rib xxxx secondary to old rib fracture . there are no gross acute bony findings . 
negative for acute abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . normal xxxx . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear . the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal . the pleural spaces are clear . mediastinal contours are normal . bony overlap in the lung apices could obscure a small pulmonary nodule . 
no acute process . the cardiac contours are normal . aortic calcification . prior granulomatous disease . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis . 
no acute cardiopulmonary finding . there is a left chest wall cardiac xxxx generator with <unk> leads one projecting over the right atrium and one projecting over the right xxxx . the heart is near top normal in size with normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette . the lungs are clear without focal air space opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there are degenerative changes in the thoracic spine . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear . the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal . the pleural spaces are clear . mediastinal contours are normal . there is no pneumothorax . 
stable chest . no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size and mediastinal contours are unchanged . stable right upper lobe scarring with pleural thickening . no xxxx consolidation . no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax . 
upper limits of normal in size heart and mild tortuosity of the aortic xxxx . no acute pulmonary process . the heart size is upper limits of normal . aorta is tortuous . the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . 
increased bilateral interstitial opacity xxxx consistent with mild interstitial edema . low lung volumes are noted . allowing for technical factors the heart size is xxxx normal . the mediastinum is unremarkable . there is increased bilateral predominantly perihilar interstitial opacity xxxx consistent with pulmonary edema . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . the xxxx are unremarkable . 
improved right mid lung and right basilar consolidation . decreasing right pleural effusion . there is significant interval decrease in right middle and right lower lobe opacification . persistent small right pleural effusion and xxxx xxxx atelectasis . no pneumothorax . stable appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette . no acute bone abnormality . 
negative for acute abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . t - spine osteophytes . 
no focal lung consolidation . copd . the lungs are hyperexpanded consistent with copd . mild cardiomegaly . no focal lung consolidation . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine . aortic calcifications consistent with atherosclerotic disease . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . . no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion . cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and unremarkable . no acute osseous abnormalities are identified . 
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours mediastinal calcifications suggest a previous granulomatous process . no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . lungs are clear bilaterally . cardiac and mediastinal silhouettes are normal . pulmonary vasculature is normal . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bony abnormality . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the lungs are clear bilaterally . specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion . . multiple calcified granulomas identified bilaterally . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities . cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits . lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion . bony thorax is unremarkable . 
no active disease . the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal . no change right anterior soft tissue surgical clips . configuration of breast shadows on the pa view suggests prior right lumpectomy . 
stable cardiomegaly without gross evidence for failure or pneumonia . radiographic attenuation obscures detail . grossly the lungs are clear and expanded . heart is large . pulmonary xxxx are normal . 
no acute cardiopulmonary process . normal heart size and mediastinal contours . the lungs are clear . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . left shoulder arthroplasty is noted . old left rib fractures . 
no active cardiopulmonary disease . both lungs are clear and expanded area heart and mediastinum are normal . incidental note xxxx of bilateral breast implants . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size within normal limits . no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . no pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . there is minimal scarring in the lung apices . the lungs are otherwise clear . heart size is normal . no pneumothorax . there is dextrocurvature within the spine . 
patchy right lower lobe infiltrate as well as probable left basilar infiltrate versus atelectasis . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . there is patchy infiltrate within normal right lower lobe . mild xxxx opacities in the retrocardiac region . no large effusions or pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . the heart size and cardiomediastinal silhouette are normal . the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities . the trachea is midline . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . the lungs are clear without evidence of focal infiltrate or effusion . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the visualized bony structures reveal no acute abnormalities . 
no acute findings . normal heart size . clear lungs . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia . 
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process . no acute osseous abnormality . scattered degenerative changes of the thoracic spine . surgical clips overlying the right upper quadrant . anterior cervical fusion xxxx . tortuous and ectatic aorta . no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax . 
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process . no acute osseous abnormality . the soft tissues are within normal limits . normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours . no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax . 
right - sided small pleural effusion . right base xxxxfluid level . atypical location for a hiatal hernia . cannot exclude a right lower lobe cavity . correlation xxxx scan recommended . does not appear to be a hydropneumothorax or empyema . frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette . the right costophrenic sulcus is blunted . there is an the right base xxxxfluid level . the left lung is clear . 
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and vasculature are within normal limits for size and contour . the lungs are normally inflated and clear . osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . chronic changes consistent with emphysema . the lungs are hyperexpanded with flattened diaphragms . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and stable from prior exam . there is mild tortuosity of the thoracic aorta . there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . there are degenerative changes of the thoracic spine . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities . cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits . lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion . stable calcified granulomas . bony thorax is unremarkable . 
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process . the heart size is normal . the mediastinal contour is within normal limits . the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates . there is redemonstration of a calcified granuloma within the left upper lobe . there are no nodules or masses . no visible pneumothorax . no visible pleural fluid . the xxxx are grossly normal . there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities . chronic bilateral emphysematous changes . the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour . the lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusions . the xxxx are intact . stable splenic artery embolism coils . 
no evidence of active disease . the lungs are clear . there is no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . normal cardiomediastinal silhouette . there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine . 
clear lungs . lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour . 
no acute disease . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings . 
no acute disease . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . 
borderline cardiomegaly . otherwise unremarkable exam . there is borderline cardiomegaly . mediastinum and pulmonary vasculature are unremarkable . lungs are clear . no pleural fluid or pneumothorax is appreciated . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . there is mild hyperinflation . there is no focal consolidation . there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . the cardiomediastinal contours are grossly unremarkable . the heart size is within normal limits . cardiac xxxx generator overlies the left upper thorax with xxxx xxxx tips overlying the right atrium and ventricles . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . normal heart size mediastinal contours . eventration of the right hemidiaphragm . no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . 
no focal air space consolidation . nodular opacity at the left apex may be exaggerated by overlapping bone silhouettes . xxxx chest may provide further evaluation if warranted . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . aortic atherosclerosis . hyperexpanded lungs . xxxx right perihilarmidlung density . streaky bibasilar opacities as well . left upper lobe nodular opacity (anterior first rib interspace) may be exaggerated by overlapping bone silhouettes . grossly similar midthoracic vertebral xxxx fracture . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the heart pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no focal air space opacity to suggest a pneumonia . there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine . 
negative chest x - xxxx . cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . bony structures are intact . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities . the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour . the lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusions . the xxxx are intact . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . heart size within normal limits . no focal airspace consolidations . no pneumothorax or effusions . 
cardiomegaly which appears xxxx from xxxx with probable mild pulmonary edema . there has been interval increase in size of the cardiac silhouette from xxxx . the cardiac fluid is now mildly enlarged . pulmonary vasculature is increased with mildly increased interstitial markings and fissural thickening suggesting mild pulmonary edema . there is no focal airspace disease pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . descending thoracic aorta is tortuous . there are no acute bony findings . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . normal heart size . prominent contour of the ascending aorta consistent with ectasia . normal mediastinal contours . no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . minimal degenerative changes of the thoracic spine . 
negative for acute cardiopulmonary process . negative for cardiac enlargement or vascular congestion . minimal subsegmental atelectasis at the left base otherwise negative for focal confluent airspace disease . the visualized bony structures are intact . there are minimal degenerative disc changes of the midlower thoracic spine . no pneumothorax . 
cardiomegaly with possible pericardial effusion . no evidence for pulmonary edema or pneumonitis . <unk>ub . nonspecific abdomen . the heart is enlarged . there may be a pericardial effusion . no definite pulmonary edema is seen . lungs appear clear . there is no pleural effusion . the skeletal structures and soft tissues are unremarkable . <unk>ub xxxx : xxxx single view of the abdomen was obtained . the bowel xxxx pattern is nonspecific . there is no evidence for obstruction or free intraperitoneal air . no large soft tissue masses or organomegaly are identified . the skeletal structures appear normal . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . . the lungs are clear bilaterally . specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion . . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality . 
mild bibasilar airspace disease probably atelectasis . heart size is within normal limits . mild prominence of the mediastinum . bibasilar predominantly interstitial pulmonary opacities . no visualized pneumothorax . no pleural effusion . 
no acute intrathoracic abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance . the thoracic aorta is calcified . no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusion . minimal osteophytes of the thoracic spine . no acute displaced rib fractures . a calcified granuloma is demonstrated in the left upper lobe . 
distal tip of the dual - lumen right internal jugular central venous catheter projects over the right atrium . no apparent pneumothorax . stable right upper lung lucency . ct chest may be helpful to further characteri<unk>e . there is a dual - lumen right internal jugular central venous catheter the distal tip projects over the right atrium . there is no apparent pneumothorax . there is no focal lung opacity or pleural effusion . there is stable right upper lung lucency . the cardiopulmonary mediastinal silhouettes are stable . the visualized osseous structures appear within normal limits . 
no acute or active cardiac pulmonary or pleural disease . frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette . normal mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and lung volumes . no pleural effusion . 
minimal left basilar subsegmental atelectasis or scarring . no acute findings . there are minimal xxxx left basilar opacities xxxx subsegmental atelectasis or scarring . there is no focal airspace consolidation to suggest pneumonia . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . heart size is at the upper limits of normal . cardiac defibrillator xxxx overlies the right ventricle . the xxxx appears intact . there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification . calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph xxxx are consistent with prior granulomatous disease . multiple calcified splenic granulomas are also noted . there are minimal degenerative changes of the spine . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . pa and lateral views the chest were obtained . heart size is upper limits normal or mildly enlarged . the thoracic aorta is mildly tortuous . pulmonary xxxx are within normal limits . no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal air space consolidation . 
cardiomegaly no acute pulmonary findings heart size mildly enlarged . no alveolar consolidation no findings of pleural effusion or pulmonary edema . no pneumothorax . s - shaped spine curvature noted . 
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process . the heart size is normal . the mediastinal contour is within normal limits . low lung volumes and bronchovascular crowding . mild bibasilar opacities xxxx atelectasis . the lungs are free of any focal infiltrates . there are no nodules or masses . no visible pneumothorax . no visible pleural fluid . stable degenerative change throughout the thoracic spine . stable thoracolumbar retrolisthesis . there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm . 
negative acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax . normal heart size . bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable . 
no focal lung consolidation . no acute osseous abnormality . the soft tissues are within normal limits . normal appearing cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours . left lower lobe xxxx density xxxx representing atelectasis . no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute osseous findings . 
findings of copd and left base focal atelectasis . lungs are xxxx . xxxx opacities are present in the left lung base . heart size normal . mediastinum normal . 
low lung volumes no acute cardiopulmonary findings . lung volumes are mildly low . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size contour . no consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . mild degenerative disc change at the thoracic spine no xxxx deformity . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . prominent soft tissue density in the upper mediastinum . recommend follow pa and lateral radiograph xxxx xxxx or ct thorax for further evaluation . bilateral glenohumeral degenerative joint disease . scattered degenerative changes of the thoracic spine . stable mild heart enlargement . prominence of soft tissue density in the upper mediastinum . it is increased from most recent prior exam on xxxx . however it appears similar compared to xxxx exams performed in xxxx . no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax . focal opacity in the left upper lobe xxxx represents scarring or related to overlying rib opacity . 
low volume study without definite acute process . mild cardiomegaly . heart size appears enlarged . mediastinal contours are within normal limits . lung volumes are low with central bronchovascular crowding and patchy basilar atelectasis . . osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the lungs are clear and without focal airspace opacity . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour and stable . there are calcified granulomas at the right perihilar regions appear stable . there are significant degenerative osteophytes of the thoracic spine also appear stable . 
opacity xxxx representing left upper lobe pneumonia . recommend followup radiographically until cleared to ensure that there is no underlying mass . there is a rounded dense opacity in the lateral left midlung zone probably the left upper lobe most suggestive of a rounded pneumonia . there is no pleural effusion . the heart and mediastinum are normal . the skeletal structures are normal . 
no acute findings see above . moderate cardiomegaly . prominent vascular pedicleupper mediastinal contour . mild central vascular congestion . no overt edema or confluent lobar pneumonia . no pleural effusion . thoracic spondylosis . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings scoliosis and focal eventration of the posterior left hemidiaphragm . no focal alveolar consolidation . rotated position considering technical factors heart size xxxx within normal limits . no definite pleural effusion seen left bronchovascular crowding without typical findings of pulmonary edema . exaggerated kyphosis with increased ap dimension of the thorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . pa and lateral radiograph the chest demonstrate stable cardiomediastinal silhouette . no focal consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is identified . evidence of prior granulomatous disease . visualized osseous structures appear intact . 
no acute disease . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the right chest xxxx tip is visualized in the mid svc . there is no pneumothorax . the lungs are clear . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . no airspace disease effusion or noncalcified nodule . normal heart size and mediastinum . visualized xxxx of the chest xxxx are within normal limits . 
no active disease . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal . 
clear lungs . no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the lungs are clear . heart size is normal . no pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . the heart size is within normal limits . there is ectasiatortuosity of the thoracic aorta . calcified hilar lymph xxxx . irregular calcific density projecting over the left lower lobe stable since xxxx and may represent mitral annular calcifications . no focal airspace consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax . degenerative changes of the thoracic spine . no acute bony abnormalities . 
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease . the the cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal . atherosclerotic changes are present in the thoracic aorta . the lungs are clear with no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax . deformity of multiple left anterior ribs are present from previous fractures . lumbar scoliosis is noted . 
no acute abnormality . heart size is normal . the lungs are clear . there are no focal air space consolidations . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal . normal pulmonary vascularity . 
chronic parenchymal changes xxxx reflecting sequela of patient's known sarcoidosis . no acute disease . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is stable with tortuous aorta . there are chronic changes particularly noted in the lung apices . the xxxx are mildly prominent but stable . no acute infiltrate is seen . there is no pleural effusion . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . normal heart . calcified right hilar granulomas . no focal infiltrate . midline trachea . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . there are xxxx sternotomy xxxx and mediastinal surgical clips xxxx secondary to a cabg procedure . small t - spine osteophytes . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation . there are cholecystectomy clips . there is eventration of right hemidiaphragm . 
stable cardiomegaly without evidence for acute pulmonary process . heart is mildly enlarged but stable . pulmonary vascularity is normal . the patient is status post valve replacement . xxxx sternotomy xxxx intact . no focal airspace disease or effusion . residuals of prior granulomatous infection . degenerative change of the spine . no pneumothorax . 
cardiomegaly without heart failure . minimal xxxx left basilar scarringatelectasis . enlarged cardiomediastinal silhouette . low lung volumes . relative elevation of right hemidiaphragm . xxxx left base density . no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . negative for acute bone abnormality . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities . the heart is is at the upper limits of normal in size . the pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits in appearance . no focal air space opacities . no pleural effusions or pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormalities . 
no acute disease . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . 
chronic lung changes without acute abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . atherosclerosis of the aortic xxxx . minimal xxxx densities left lung base . hyperexpanded lungs . no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . negative for acute bone abnormality . 
no acute process . the cardiac contours are normal . prior granulomatous disease . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the lungs are clear bilaterally . specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion . . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality . 
no acute cardiopulmonary process . large hiatal hernia . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no acute osseus abnormality . large hiatal hernia . 
small bilateral pleural effusions and right infrahilar infiltrate versus bronchovascular crowding . heart size and pulmonary vascularity normal . there is a small right pleural effusion . there is infrahilar interstitial prominence which may represent bronchovascular crowding lung . small left pleural effusion . no pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . extensive fibrotic changes of the right lung similar to the previous exam . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance . there are extensive fibrotic changes in the right lung with rightward shift of the trachea similar to the previous exam . the left lung is well - aerated without focal airspace consolidation pleural effusions or pneumothorax . there is left apical pleural - parenchymal scarring . no acute bony findings . 
no acute preoperative findings . the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis . 
mild stable cardiomegaly and central vascular congestion . low lung volumes with elevated left hemidiaphragm and basilar subsegmental atelectasis . extensive bilateral shoulder degenerative changes with subluxationdislocation left shoulder possibly chronic . suggest clinical correlation . the heart is again mildly enlarged . mediastinal contours are stable . patient is somewhat rotated . the lungs are hypoinflated with elevated left hemidiaphragm . xxxx xxxx opacities compatible with atelectasis . no large effusion is seen . there is no focal consolidation . pulmonary vascularity is mildly accentuated . there are bilateral degenerative changes of the xxxx with probable chronic dislocation of the left humerus . correlate clinically . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the lungs are clear bilaterally . specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion . . the previously seen right upper lobe mass lesion is not seen in xxxx study . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs are clear . the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal . the pleural spaces are clear . mediastinal contours are normal . 
no acute abnormality . no evidence of pulmonary tuberculosis . heart size within normal limits . negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no upper lobe airspace disease or cavitary lesions identified . 
chest . no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . abdomen . nonobstructive bowel xxxx pattern . chest . normal heart size . mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . no focal infiltrates or masses . no pneumothorax or visible pleural fluid . no free intraperitoneal air in the diaphragm . osseous structures unremarkable . abdomen : there are no dilated loops of bowel to suggest obstruction . no air - fluid levels or free intraperitoneal air . no suspicious calcifications . there is xxxx xxxx curvature of the thoracolumbar spine . otherwise the osseous structures are grossly unremarkable . 
no evidence of active disease . heart size is at the upper limits of normal . the pulmonary vascularity appears within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . degenerative changes are present in the spine . no non - calcified nodules are identified . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease the lungs appear clear . there are no suspicious appearing pulmonary nodules or masses . there is no evidence of pneumonia . the heart pulmonary xxxx appear normal . pleural spaces are clear . mediastinal contours are normal . 
normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette . lungs clear no airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no activeacute cardiopulmonary disease . normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette . lungs clear no airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no activeacute cardiopulmonary disease . 
clear lungs . lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour . scoliosis . 
mild cardiomegaly . mild cardiomegaly . normal pulmonary vascularity . tortuosity of the descending aorta . no focal infiltrate pneumothorax or pleural effusion . 
no active disease . the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal . 
negative for acute abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . negative for acute displaced rib fracture . 
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the heart size is normal . the mediastinal contour is within normal limits . there are no focal infiltrates . there is prominent epipericardial fat . there are no nodules or masses . no visible pneumothorax . no visible pleural fluid . right <unk>th and <unk>th rib deformities are noted . there is no visible free intraperitoneal air under the diaphragm . 
no acute cardiopulmonary finding . hiatal hernia . the heart is normal in size with normal appearance of the cardiomediastinal silhouette . there is a hiatal hernia with soft tissue projecting behind the mediastinum . the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pleural effusion pneumothorax . the osseous structures are intact . 
no acute abnormality . heart size is normal . the lungs are clear . there are no focal air space consolidations . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal . normal pulmonary vascularity . 
negative chest x - xxxx . cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . bony structures are intact . 
no acute disease . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . mild pectus excavatum deformity is noted . the lungs are clear . 
nodular densities projecting over right <unk>th and <unk>th ribs may healing rib fracture; xxxx recommended to rule - out underlying pulmonary nodule . xxxx level veriphy message was sent xxxx . xxxx regarding possible lung nodules at xxxx hours xxxxxxxx . heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits . aortic atherosclerotic calcifications . emphysematous changes . nodular densities projecting over right anterior fifth and six ribs . no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . no acute osseous abnormality . 
no acute disease . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the chest xxxx is in satisfactory position . there is no pneumothorax . the lungs are clear . 
no acute cardiopulmonary process . normal heart size and mediastinal contours . clear lungs . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . unremarkable xxxx . 
no acute findings . the postoperative cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable and upper limits of normal in size . there are xxxx sternotomy xxxx and surgical clips compatible with prior cabg . there is at xxxx one left - sided coronary artery stent . pulmonary vasculature is normal in caliber . the lungs are grossly clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings . 
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process . the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . external monitor leads xxxx the thorax . the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified . the visualized osseous structures and upper abdomen are unremarkable . 
large left lower lobe opacity xxxx represents a large layering pleural effusion . right lung is clear . large left lower lobe opacity is present . there does not appear to be significant mediastinal shift . there is no pneumothorax . the cardiac silhouette is notdefinitively identified and not fully evaluated . the mediastinal contours are unremarkable . 
normal chest heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses . 
no evidence of active tuberculosis . mild cardiomegaly . lungs are clear . calcified hilar xxxx . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . soft tissues and showed unremarkable . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the lungs are clear and without focal airspace opacity . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable from prior exam . there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . mediastinal surgical clips are again noted . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . normal heart size . clear hyperaerated lungs . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusion . xxxx substernal density may be related to a pectus deformity . 
low lung volume exam demonstrates small amount of right basilar atelectasis . there is no acute consolidation or pneumothorax . there are low lung volumes . the heart size and upper mediastinum have a normal appearance . there is no pulmonary vascular congestion . there is minimal right basilar atelectasis . there is no large effusion or pneumothorax . the osseous structures appear intact . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities . normal cardiac contour . clear hyperexpanded lungs bilaterally with no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . . the lungs are clear bilaterally . specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion . . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable . there are two subcentimeter hyperdense nodular opacities are noted within the right lung . these may represent xxxx on end or alternatively calcified granulomas . the lungs are clear without infiltrate . there is no effusion or pneumothorax . 
emphysema . recommend rib series to to establish that circular densities overlying ribs are in the ribs . there is hyperexpansion . the heart size is normal . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . two circular densities overlying the right ribs which were not present in the xxxx ct . no focal infiltrates
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities . an ovoid opacity in the left retrocardiac area could be projectional or solid mass further study xxxx is recommended . there is an ovoid opacity <unk> cm in the retrocardiac area on ap view not well - seen on the lateral view a dedicated xxxx scan is recommended . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion present . the heart is normal in size . no hilar lymphadenopathy . no destructive bony lesions . 
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process . no acute osseous abnormality . soft tissues are within normal limits . borderline enlargement of the heart . normal hilar vasculature . no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the heart is normal in size and contour . the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate . there is no pneumothorax or effusion . multiple punctate round xxxx xxxx over the abdomen on the lateral view . these may reside within or outside of the patient . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the heart is normal in size and contour . the lungs are clear without evidence of infiltrate . there is no pneumothorax or effusion . 
no acute disease . previously visualized nodule in right lower lobe not well - seen on today's study xxxx summation artifact . examination was performed with nipple markers . the previously noted small nodule in the right lower lung is not well - seen on today's study and may have been secondary to summation of structures . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are otherwise clear . 
right hemidiaphragm elevation . no acute cardiopulmonary process . heart size and pulmonary vascularity normal . the stomach contour normal . there is right hemidiaphragm elevation . lungs are clear . degenerative changes in the thoracic spine . 
no acute pulmonary disease . the lungs are clear . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the heart is not significantly enlarged . there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta . arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings heart size within normal limits . no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . mediastinal calcification and dense right upper lung nodule suggest a previous granulomatous process . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the heart and mediastinum are unremarkable . the lungs are clear without infiltrate . there is no effusion or pneumothorax . there is an old healed fracture through the right <unk>th rib . 
left - sided biventricular cardiac pacemaker . leads appear intact . no pneumothorax . cardiomegaly and mild interstitial pulmonary edema . xxxx opacities overlying the left lung base on the frontal view possibly lingular atelectasis or infiltrate . no large pleural effusion . there is a left - sided biventricular pacemaker . leads overlie the right ventricle and a lateral cardiac vein . the leads appear intact . the cardiac silhouette is mildly enlarged . there are mild diffuse bilateral interstitial opacities xxxx pulmonary edema . there are xxxx opacities overlying the left lung base on the frontal view . no large pleural effusion is seen on the lateral view . no pneumothorax is identified . 
limited chest radiograph examination without demonstration of an acute intrathoracic abnormality . this examination is somewhat limited secondary to obscuration of the bilateral posterior costophrenic sulci on the lateral view . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance . no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation . no pneumothorax . no large pleural effusion . the thoracic spine appears intact . 
no evidence of active disease . the lungs are clear . there is no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . heart size is within normal limits . right paratracheal density is stable from prior radiographs and may reflect tortuous vasculature . there is aortic atherosclerotic vascular calcification . there are mild degenerative changes of the spine . surgical clips are noted in the region of the left breast . there is mild diaphragm eventration . 
prominence of left hilum which could be due to nodulelymph node or superimposing blood xxxx . in the absence of prior studies for comparison xxxx chest for further evaluation . result notification xxxx primordial . there is a <unk> cm nodular opacity projecting over left hilum . the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits . there is no pulmonary edema . there is no focal consolidation . there are no xxxx of pleural effusion . there is no evidence of pneumothorax . xxxx opacities xxxx representing surgical clips in the midline at the level of the thoracic inlet . 
subsegmental atelectasis in the left lower lobe . heart size is normal . right lung is clear . granulomatous disease in the bilateral . subsegmental atelectasis in the left lower lung . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusion . 
no acute cardiopulmonary process . normal heart size and mediastinal contours . lungs are clear . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . degenerative changes are seen in the spine . 
no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease . the lungs are clear without evidence of focal airspace disease . there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . the cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the xxxx are unremarkable . 
no acute cardiopulmonary finding . the heart size is normal . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is stable in appearance . the lungs are clear without focal airspace opacity pneumothorax or pleural effusion . the xxxx are normal in appearance . 
no acute pulmonary abnormality . mild cardiomegaly . the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality . heart size is mildly enlarged pulmonary vascularity within normal limits . 
there is no radiographic evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease . normal cardiomediastinal silhouette . there is no focal consolidation . there are no xxxx of a large pleural effusion . there is no pneumothorax . there is no acute bony abnormality seen . probable old lateral right rib fractures . 
chronic asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm with mildly increased right basilar airspace disease atelectasis versus infiltrate . there is chronic asymmetric elevation of the right hemidiaphragm . compared with the prior study there is mildly increased streaky airspace disease in the right lung base . hilar prominence appears stable . there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . heart size is stable and grossly normal . there no acute bony findings . 
right upper lobe pneumonia . there is a right upper lobe opacity . cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . pulmonary vasculature and xxxx are normal . osseous structures and soft tissues are normal . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the lungs are clear . heart size is normal . no pneumothorax . there are endplate changes within the spine . 
no acute process . the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis . prior cholecystectomy
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours . no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . 
no acute abnormality . heart size within normal limits . there is mild hyperexpansion with flattening diaphragms and bronchovascular crowding in the lung bases compatible with emphysema . negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax . 
<unk> cm noncalcified nodule in the right lower lobe would benefit from a xxxx . there is a rounded opacity in the right lower zone measuring <unk> cm which is xxxx to be in the posterobasal segment . there is of uncertain etiology but would benefit from followup at xxxx some concern for neoplasm . a xxxx is recommended . no airspace disease effusion or cavitary nodule . normal heart size and mediastinum . visualized xxxx of the chest xxxx are within normal limits . 
xxxx change . hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease . lung volumes remain low . no infiltrates . heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal . 
stable left chest dual xxxx icdpacemaker . improved lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size is within normal limits . aorta appears tortuous and ectatic unchanged from comparison exam . there is a stable dual xxxx icdpacemaker . no focal consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . visualized osseous structures are grossly intact . 
mild interstitial edema . stable appearance of aortic valve prosthesis . sternotomy xxxx . aortic calcifications . mild interstitial edema . no focal infiltrate . no effusion or pneumothorax . mild cardiomegaly . 
borderline enlarged heart . tortuousectatic thoracic aorta . fracture of the distal right clavicle better seen on today's radiograph of the shoulder . borderline enlarged heart . torturousectatic thoracic aorta . no focal pulmonary opacity pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there are degenerative changes of the spine . there is fracture of distal right clavicle better seen on the right shoulder radiographs dated xxxx . small round lucency in the distal left clavicle appears benign . degenerative changes of both xxxx joints . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities . heart size is within normal limits . no focal consolidation . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no bony abnormalities . 
no acute disease . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are hypoinflated but clear . 
changes of emphysema and left lower lobe scarring both stable . unchanged degenerative and atherosclerotic changes of the thoracic aorta . the heart size is stable . the aorta is ectatic and atherosclerotic but stable . xxxx sternotomy xxxx are again noted . the scarring in the left lower lobe is again noted and unchanged from prior exam . there are mild bilateral prominent lung interstitial opacities consistent with emphysematous disease . the calcified granulomas are stable . 
emphysematous changes without evidence of focal airspace disease or pulmonary edema . pa and moderate loss of the chest demonstrate stable moderate cardiomediastinal silhouette with atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx and mild aortic ectasia . emphysematous changes with flattening of the hemidiaphragms . blunting of the costophrenic xxxx and xxxx secondary to scarringemphysematous changes . no evidence of focal airspace consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . visualized osseous structures appear intact . 
xxxx left upper lobe infiltrate . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . there is xxxx patchy opacity in the left upper lobe . possibility of tuberculosis should be excluded . no pleural effusion is seen . there is no pneumothorax the lungs are hyperinflated . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the trachea is midline . negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation . the heart size is at the upper limits of normal . calcified granuloma in the right lower lobe is stable in appearance xxxx compared to the previous examinations . 
chest . no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . abdomen . no acute intra - abdominal process . negative for obstruction . chest . the trachea is midline . negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace consolidation . the heart size is normal . abdomen . no pneumoperitoneum . there is a normal bowel xxxx pattern . air and stool visible throughout the entire large colon including the rectum . no abnormally dilated small bowel loops . no evidence for intussusception or small bowel obstruction . no pathologic calcifications xxxx over the abdomen or pelvis . xxxx xxxx are without fracture or destructive lesion though there are mild degenerative changes throughout the lumbar spine . small hiatal hernia is not as well demonstrated on this exam . 
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary or osseous process . no acute osseous abnormality . stable scattered endplate degenerative changes and osteophyte formation in the thoracic spine . normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours . no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the heart is normal size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . atherosclerotic calcifications present within the thoracic aorta . there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax or focal airspace disease . mild emphysematous changes are noted . bilateral apical pleural scarring is present . calcified granuloma is present within the right lower lobe . the xxxx are generally unremarkable . 
left lower lobe opacities xxxx representing pneumonia . enlargement of the central pulmonary arteries raising the question of pulmonary hypertension . there are scattered xxxx opacities in the left lower lobe . cardiac silhouette is within normal limits . there is prominence of the right and left hilum xxxx representing enlargement of the central pulmonary arteries . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no acute bone abnormality . 
stable appearance of the chest with moderate hiatal hernia . no acute pulmonary disease . the heart and mediastinal contours are unchanged . there is a moderate hiatal hernia . the lungs are clear without focal infiltrate . no effusion or pneumothorax . 
no acute process . the cardiac contours are normal . the lungs are clear . thoracic spondylosis . xxxx xxxx of the spine . 
no acute disease . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . 
clear lungs . no radiographic evidence of active tb . cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no cavitary lesions . xxxx are grossly unremarkable . 
no evidence of metastatic disease . heart size within normal limits . negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is hyperexpansion of the lungs . mild degenerative changes are present in the spine . 
findings of copd . no acute findings . lungs are hyperexpanded . bullae are present in the upper lobes . no focal infiltrates . heart size normal . 
focal density overlying the right first rib and medial right clavicle . this could be bony in origin but an underlying pulmonary lesion cannot be excluded . no prior images are currently available for comparison . if outside images are available comparison is recommended . otherwise xxxx scan of the chest . calcified granulomas are present . there is an area of focal density overlying the right first rib and medial clavicle . this is approximately <unk> cm in diameter . it may be secondary to overlapping structures . lungs are otherwise clear . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the heart is normal . calcifications of the aortic xxxx are seen . the skeletal structures are unremarkable . there has been a left mastectomy . 
hyperexpanded but clear lungs . previous lower spine cervical fusion . lungs are overall hyperexpanded with flattening of the diaphragms consistent with obstructive lung disease . lungs are clear without focal consolidation . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum of normal size and contour . degenerative changes in the spine . 
patchy alveolar and interstitial opacities within the lung bases bilaterally representing an infectious etiology versus chronic lung disease . there are patchy alveolar and interstitial opacities within the lung bases bilaterally representing an infectious etiology versus chronic lung disease . there is no evidence of pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . the cardiac silhouette is enlarged . there are atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx . there are degenerative changes throughout the thoracic spine . 
no active disease . the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal . 
low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . low lung volumes bilaterally with lungs otherwise grossly clear . no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . no acute osseous abnormalities identified . 
no acute disease . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . multilevel degenerative changes of the thoracic spine are noted . 
low lung volumes otherwise no definite acute findings . frontal view <unk>yphotic and rotated low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding . otherwise no definite airspace consolidation or pleural effusion . accounting for technical factors heart size xxxx borderline enlarged . 
no acute disease . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are grossly clear . bilateral breast prostheses are noted . 
senescent changes no acute pulmonary disease . the lungs are clear . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the heart is not significantly enlarged . there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta . scoliosis and arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted . there is increased kyphosis of the thoracic spine similar to the prior study
no acute disease . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . subtle increased opacity of right mid hemithorax xxxx related to superimposed soft tissues . the lungs are otherwise clear . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . 
stable bilateral pleural effusions and pleural thickening right worse than left with mild right - sided loculation . stable appearance of right apical thickeningatelectasis with volume loss possibly related to prior radiation or surgery . suggest clinical correlation . the heart is normal in size . the cardiomediastinal contours are stable . there are stable bilateral pleural effusions with partial right - sided loculation . biapical scarring and pleural thickening appears stable . there is again right - sided superior hilar retraction and mild rightward xxxx deviation . no acute infiltrate is appreciated . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . no focal consolidation . no visualized pneumothorax . heart size is normal . cardiac and mediastinal silhouette is grossly unremarkable . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . . the lungs are clear bilaterally . specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion . . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits . pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable . there is no focal airspace opacity . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . stable calcified granuloma in the left upper lung . no acute bony abnormality is identified . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified . <unk> images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified . no acute bony changes . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the lungs are clear bilaterally . specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion . . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality . 
no evidence of active disease . heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . vascular calcification is noted . no adenopathy is seen . 
there is no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease . patient is slightly rotated . normal heart size . there is no pulmonary edema . there is no focal consolidation . there are no xxxx of a pleural effusion . there is no evidence of pneumothorax . 
obscuration of the bilateral lung bases xxxx combination of atelectasis infiltrate effusions . there is obscuration of the bilateral lung bases with lower lung volumes compared to prior examination . stable atelectaticfibrotic changes of the visualized lung and stable left - sided calcified granuloma . no acute osseous abnormalities identified . cardiomediastinal silhouette unremarkable . 
no acute disease . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . there is slight elevation of left hemidiaphragm with xxxx left basilar subsegmental atelectasis . the lungs are otherwise grossly clear . 
negative chest x - xxxx . cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . bony structures are intact . 
no acute pulmonary abnormality . the lungs and pleural spaces show no acute abnormality . heart size upper limits of normal predominantly left ventricular contour (xxxx visualized on lateral projection) pulmonary vascularity within normal limits . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . well circumscribed <unk> mm right upper lobe nodule unchanged appearance from previous examination <unk> years ago . the trachea is midline . negative for pneumothorax pleural effusion . the heart size is normal . redemonstrated syndesmophyte . 
no acute cardiopulmonary process . age - indeterminate wedging of several midthoracic vertebral bodies . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . the lungs are clear without areas of focal consolidation . there is a calcified granuloma within the left lung base . there is suggestion of a deep sulcus sign on the right . no definite pleural line of pneumothorax visualized . there is age - indeterminate wedging of several midthoracic vertebral bodies . 
no evidence of active disease . there are scattered calcified granulomas . no focal infiltrate . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits . there are degenerative changes of the spine . 
no acute abnormality . heart size within normal limits . negative for focal pulmonary consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax . mild degenerative changes thoracic spine . 
cardiomegaly without superimposed acute disease noted . the heart size is moderately enlarged . there is evidence of previous aortic valve replacement . xxxx sternotomy xxxx are grossly intact . the pulmonary xxxx and mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there are chronically increased interstitial lung markings without superimposed focal airspace disease identified . there are degenerative changes of the spine . 
no acute disease . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . xxxx xxxx opacities in right mid lung . the lungs are otherwise grossly clear . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities . cardiomediastinal silhouettes are within normal limits . lungs are clear without focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion . bony thorax is unremarkable . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size and mediastinal contours appear within normal limits . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal consolidation suspicious pulmonary opacity pneumothorax or definite pleural effusion . visualized osseous structures appear intact . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . there are no focal areas of consolidation . no suspicious bony opacities . heart size within normal limits . no pleural effusions . no evidence of pneumothorax . mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine . 
no acute right pulmonary findings . heart size within normal limits . no focal airspace disease . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . 
interval increase in size and number of innumerable bilateral pulmonary nodules consistent with worsening metastatic disease . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is stable . left - sided chest xxxx is again visualized with tip at cavoatrial junction . there is no pneumothorax . numerous bilateral pulmonary nodules have increased in size and number xxxx compared to prior study . the dominant nodulemass in the left midlung is also mildly increased . there is no pleural effusion . 
stable mild cardiomegaly . no acute cardiopulmonary findings . there is stable mild cardiac enlargement . lungs are clear . there is no pleural line to suggest pneumothorax or costophrenic xxxx blunting to suggest large pleural effusion . bony structures are within normal limits . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . the cardiopulmonary silhouette is normal . the heart size is normal . the lungs are clear with no pulmonary effusions or pneumothorax . 
no acute abnormality . the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits . there is no pulmonary edema . there is no focal consolidation . there are no xxxx of pleural effusion . there is no evidence of pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size normal . no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease . bony structures grossly intact . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . lungs are clear bilaterally with no focal infiltrate pleural effusion or pneumothoraces . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . no acute bony or soft tissue abnormality . 
no acute cardiothoracic abnormality . negative for cardiac enlargement . negative for vascular congestion . negative for focal confluent airspace disease . negative for pneumothorax . a few scattered calcified granulomas are identified . 
xxxx change . hypoinflation with no visible active cardiopulmonary disease . lung volumes are low . no focal infiltrates . pulmonary xxxx are normal . 
xxxx right basilar airspace opacity . xxxx right basal airspace opacity . the heart size and mediastinal silhouette are within normal limits for contour . no pneumothorax or pleural effusions . the xxxx are intact . 
no acute cardiopulmonary process specifically no evidence of active tuberculosis . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour . the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no acute osseus abnormality . . 
no acute disease . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is stable . the lungs are clear . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . specifically no radiographic evidence of tuberculosis . heart size within normal limits . no focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion . no pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary process . heart size cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there are no infiltrates effusions or pneumothorax . 
negative . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . negative for acute bone abnormality . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . lungs are clear . no focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax . interval resolution of left effusion . central venous dialysis catheter unchanged in position . heart and mediastinal contours are normal . osseous structures intact . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the lungs are hypoventilated . there is no focal airspace opacity . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size . there is no pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . 
chest . no active disease . left and right knees negative . chest . lungs are clear and expanded . heart size normal . a calcified pleural pla<unk>ue in the right subpulmonic area has not xxxx since the abdomen ct . left and right knees . xxxx xxxx spaces and soft tissues are normal . 
redemonstration of diffuse bilateral pulmonary fibrosis with relative sparing of the bilateral lung apices . no focal pulmonary consolidation . the cardiomediastinal silhouette appears irregular secondary to the diffuse bilateral pulmonary interstitial disease . the thoracic aorta is tortuous . calcified lymph xxxx are demonstrated in the left hilum . no focal pulmonary consolidation . diffuse increased bilateral pulmonary interstitial markings consistent with the patient's history of known pulmonary fibrosis with relative sparing of the bilateral lung apices . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion demonstrated . the thoracic spine appears intact . 
no significant finding . the lungs are relatively clear with xxxx sulci . heart size normal in lv contour . slightly unfolded ascending and descending aorta . t - spine unremarkable . 
no active disease . the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal . 
no activeacute cardiopulmonary disease . stable normal cardiac size and contour with unremarkable mediastinal silhouette . normal pulmonary xxxx . no active airspace diseaseinfiltrate . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . calcified granuloma right upper lobe . 
normal chest radiograph . heart size normal . no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease . bony structures appear intact . the trachea and xxxx pulmonary bronchi are unremarkable . 
