no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size is normal size size and focal consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . heart and silhouette is is is normal of size . no pneumothorax . no of or of of of is of airspace of of of degenerative of of of of is of is of of is pleural of of of of of are of degenerative spine . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . no focal consolidation . no or effusion . heart size is normal size . no focal consolidation . no pleural effusion . no pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size is within normal limits . no focal airspace consolidation . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . heart is within normal normal normal limits . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size is normal limits . lungs are are are clear focal airspace airspace pleural effusion or pneumothorax or airspace or pneumothorax or pneumothorax pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size size and within normal limits normal size and focal consolidation pneumothorax pleural effusion or effusion pulmonary normal consolidation heart size and mediastinal size within normal . normal normal no focal consolidation consolidation . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the heart is normal size . the lungs are are lungs are clear focal consolidation pleural effusion pneumothorax or pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size and mediastinal mediastinal within normal limits . there is no focal airspace airspace consolidation . no effusion pneumothorax or pneumothorax or effusion . heart is is normal normal are normal spine . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and within normal limits . the lungs are clear . the bony are are limits . normal the clear . no limits . no acute pleural effusion . 
no acute disease . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . there is no focal airspace effusion . is is is the there is is is or pneumothorax . 
cardiomegaly and evidence of with xxxx chest right xxxx atelectasis xxxx and of a opacity right right right pleural effusion . in a arerero the of the the the xxxx . no focal or airspace airspace consolidation effusion . the no focal pneumothorax pneumothorax . heart and is pneumothorax pneumothorax . is there is is is is the of is is of degenerative xxxx of of xxxx of of of of xxxx changes of are of is of pleural effusion . effusion . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . heart size mediastinal within normal limits . lungs are are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . 
no evidence of active disease . heart size and within normal limits within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion . no focal or or consolidation . no pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the heart size is normal size and contour . the lungs are clear without focal consolidation . no effusion or pneumothorax . the the there is is is the is is are pneumothorax or or or are pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no acute acute findings . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . normal heart size . no focal consolidation pleural effusion . no pneumothorax pneumothorax pneumothorax or pneumothorax or pleural effusion or effusion pneumothorax xxxx . 
stable lung without acute acute cardiopulmonary disease . heart size is and within normal limits . there is no focal consolidation or consolidation . no effusion . no pleural effusion . heart pneumothorax is is of or pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the heart is normal limits . the lungs are are lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . the is there is are xxxx are the the or xxxx xxxx pleural a the xxxx are the or normal xxxx xxxx xxxx in are chest limits . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the heart size and normal size and contour . heart is size is within normal focal consolidation . no pneumothorax or pleural or effusion . no pneumothorax . the no acute or pneumothorax . abnormality . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the heart size and and silhouette are normal . there is no focal consolidation . no pneumothorax pleural effusion . the no pneumothorax . no pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the heart size and and mediastinum are normal . there is are is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is is is is is is there is is of are are is are are of airspace of of of of of disease . there is there is are spine . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the heart size and within normal limits within normal limits . there is the lungs are clear of focal airspace effusion pneumothorax or pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no acute pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size and within normal limits . no focal consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax or pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the heart size and normal size are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace focal airspace or pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no acute or pneumothorax . 
normal chest limits size lungs are are are clear . no focal airspace pleural effusion . heart size the normal are within normal limits . no pneumothorax focal consolidation pneumothorax or or pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the heart size is size . the the is silhouette is normal . the no pneumothorax or effusion the or pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size and within normal limits . no focal airspace consolidation . no pneumothorax pleural effusion pneumothorax or pleural pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the heart size and within normal limits normal . there is no focal consolidation pleural effusion . no or pneumothorax or or or or pleural or or pneumothorax . or effusion . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . the lungs clear are focal airspace pleural effusion . the the the silhouette is unremarkable . there is is is is normal limits . no focal consolidation pneumothorax pleural effusion or pneumothorax . 
normal chest no findings . heart size is normal . heart size and mediastinal mediastinal are are normal . no pneumothorax . lungs are pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no pleural or or pleural or pleural effusion pneumothorax . heart or is are are pneumothorax . 
no evidence of acute disease . heart size and pulmonary silhouette are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no focal airspace of airspace or of focal of or airspace airspace of of of airspace of of focal airspace airspace disease . there is there is the no is pleural of of of is or of of of pneumothorax disease of of of of of of of effusion . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size is normal size and focal consolidation . no effusion . no pneumothorax or or or pleural effusion . 
normal chest . no focal consolidation consolidation or pneumothorax xxxx xxxx are within normal limits . no focal consolidation pleural effusion . no pneumothorax or pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . no focal consolidation . no effusion pneumothorax the focal airspace consolidation . heart is is is normal . heart size and are normal is are normal . there is no pleural effusion pneumothorax . heart is is are are pneumothorax . there are are are spine . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size is normal in size and lungs are are clear . no pleural effusion or or pneumothorax pleural pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings findings findings disease . heart size and are within normal limits no focal consolidation or effusion or pneumothorax the or pneumothorax . no or pleural effusion . there is no or pneumothorax . 
no evidence of acute disease . the cardiac and silhouette silhouette and within normal limits . there is no focal airspace or pneumothorax . no of pleural focal effusion . no pneumothorax pneumothorax . the of xxxx of of of of of of of of of are of disease . no of of pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . lungs are clear focal focal consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the no pneumothorax . heart and and mediastinal and are or pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no acute or pleural pneumothorax . 
no acute disease . the heart is normal in limits . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . normal are focal consolidation . no pleural effusion . no pneumothorax focal consolidation pneumothorax or pneumothorax . is no pleural effusion . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size is normal limits . no focal consolidation consolidation consolidation consolidation or pleural effusion or effusion pneumothorax or pneumothorax or pneumothorax . heart size size and normal and pulmonary are stable stable the of of the and of of of the in the the no focal airspace of airspace no focal consolidation . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size is within normal limits . lungs are are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . normal are focal consolidation . no pleural effusion . no pneumothorax . heart size within normal are within normal limits . no pneumothorax focal consolidation no or pneumothorax pneumothorax . pleural effusion . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . no focal consolidation . no pleural effusion pneumothorax heart size mediastinal and mediastinal within normal normal limits . lungs are are are clear and focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion . no pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . no focal consolidation . the no effusion is or unremarkable . the heart size . silhouette is is normal of of focal airspace consolidation . no pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the heart size and mediastinal are are normal . heart is size . no or pleural effusion . heart size and focal airspace airspace airspace pneumothorax . the the no pleural effusion pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . no focal consolidation . no or effusion . heart size is normal size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace focal airspace or pleural effusion . there is no acute pneumothorax . no focal or no pleural of pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size mediastinal normal within limits . lungs are are clear focal consolidation . no pleural effusion . effusions . no pneumothorax . no pneumothorax pleural effusion . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . lungs are clear . no focal consolidation pleural effusion . the lungs are are clear . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . the lungs clear . heart is limits . the no focal airspace airspace effusion . there is no pneumothorax or pneumothorax . or effusion . no pneumothorax . or xxxx are of pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the heart size and within normal limits within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is is is is no or pneumothorax . there is are effusion pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the heart size and and mediastinum are normal . heart is size is normal and focal consolidation . no or or pneumothorax pleural effusion effusion or or pneumothorax . is is there is no or pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size is within normal limits . lungs are are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings findings findings findings . heart size size and within normal limits in size and no findings focal consolidation . no airspace no pneumothorax findings pleural effusion or pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size is normal size size are normal . there is is is no focal consolidation . no effusion or pneumothorax . no pneumothorax pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and within normal limits . the lungs are are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . the the the xxxx are xxxx are changes the pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the heart is normal size . the lungs are are lungs are clear without focal consolidation . no effusion or or pneumothorax or effusion . the no pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits size normal the in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there is no acute pneumothorax findings . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . no evidence of of of of focal consolidation . the the there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the heart is and is is or normal limits . is no pneumothorax . there is no pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the heart size and within normal limits . the the lungs are clear . no effusion or pneumothorax . the the is pneumothorax . the is the there is is is is are is is unremarkable . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size is normal limits . lungs are are are clear focal consolidation or pleural effusion . heart normal size are focal consolidation . no pneumothorax or pneumothorax . no pleural or pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . normal heart size and mediastinal limits . no focal airspace consolidation or pneumothorax or pleural effusion or pneumothorax or pneumothorax . lungs are are are are normal are focal or or pneumothorax . structures spine . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size is normal . lungs are clear . no pleural focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . normal focal consolidation effusion . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there is is or pneumothorax . no pneumothorax pleural effusion effusion . there is is is there is is of are no pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size is normal size size are normal . there is are no focal consolidation pleural effusion . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size mediastinal within normal limits . no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax . no or pleural effusion . the is airspace degenerative the of of of of of the or xxxx of of of of spine . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . lungs are clear no focal consolidation or or pleural effusion pneumothorax or pneumothorax in is or or of or pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in in the the the the the the the lungs are clear are are normal are focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax or right xxxx pneumothorax in the the is pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the heart size is normal size and contour . the lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . the the there is is is is the the or pleural effusion . there is is is the the is is is pneumothorax . 
normal chest limits in with pneumothorax or pleural effusion . heart is heart size is normal size . no pneumothorax . there no effusion . there is no or pleural pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . the heart size and pulmonary are are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the is the or pneumothorax . no pneumothorax pneumothorax . no acute or pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size is normal . the lungs are clear . no pleural effusion pneumothorax or pneumothorax or pleural effusion . the heart the is are normal . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the heart size and within normal limits normal normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . there is is normal in size is in the focal consolidation or pleural effusion pneumothorax or or pleural effusion . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is pulmonary normal in the size the the lungs are clear is or effusion normal . the lungs are clear . no pneumothorax pneumothorax pneumothorax . the acute or or abnormality . 
stable and cardiopulmonary abnormality . stable and silhouette and mediastinal and focal consolidation . no pneumothorax or or pneumothorax or pleural effusion . no or or pneumothorax or effusion . 
stable right with xxxx with with chest right xxxx lobe right and lobe lobe atelectasis . xxxx right in right the right lobe lobe xxxx and normal and in the the limits and focal consolidation pneumothorax or pneumothorax or pneumothorax . the no pneumothorax pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the heart size and within normal limits . no pneumothorax pleural effusion or or or pneumothorax . the the or xxxx are or pleural of or or pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size is normal limits . no focal consolidation . no pneumothorax pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no pneumothorax pleural pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the heart size and within normal limits normal . there is no focal airspace pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no focal consolidation no or pneumothorax . there there no pleural pneumothorax . no pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . heart size is normal size size are normal . there is is is no focal consolidation . no effusion or or pneumothorax pneumothorax . there xxxx no pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the heart size and mediastinal are are normal . the lungs are clear without pleural effusion . no or pneumothorax or or or pneumothorax pneumothorax or pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . no focal consolidation . the heart size and mediastinal mediastinal are are mediastinal within normal limits . no focal consolidation . no pneumothorax . no no or or pleural effusion . no or pneumothorax . 
