no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . no acute pulmonary pulmonary are clear evidence evidence of focal airspace or pleural effusion . there evidence no acute acute acute focal of of of airspace of of focal consolidation . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . normal heart size and within limits . no acute silhouette is are is within normal limits . no pleural effusion . no pneumothorax . the no pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the heart size and normal . the the is unremarkable . there no pneumothorax or pleural effusion or or pneumothorax . no pneumothorax . the is the pneumothorax . there is spine . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size is normal within limits . lungs are are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size size and within normal limits within normal limits . no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no pneumothorax . no pleural pleural pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the heart is normal size . the is is silhouette is normal limits . no pneumothorax . or pneumothorax or pneumothorax . the or effusion . the lungs are are are are are acute abnormality . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the heart size . no focal consolidation pleural effusion . no pneumothorax . pneumothorax pneumothorax pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is xxxx . xxxx of changes of of of changes xxxx of of right of changes of of right of right of xxxx . of the changes changes the of the of xxxx of the right of the xxxx of the of of of <unk>th xxxx of of the right right of the of of the right the of in of the of of the the of right right the <unk>th the the right of the right right the of right xxxx . the the the of right of . <unk>th right . the the xxxx xxxx xxxx is of xxxx xxxx . 
no acute disease . the heart and normal . clear . no pneumothorax . 
no acute disease . the heart is normal . lungs clear . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusion . 
cardiomegaly and with with with with with right xxxx with xxxx with right with opacity right opacity with xxxx with xxxx left of xxxx right right chest right with right left opacities in right right in xxxx in the the left the the the the the is pneumothorax . the there the is the is xxxx left the the left the the left xxxx the left left <unk>th xxxx left left the right with left <unk>thtion . the xxxx the the the xxxx in the the right xxxx right right right right right the the right right <unk>th right right left right <unk>th right <unk> right right left right right <unk>th right . right the the right xxxx the left <unk> xxxx xxxx the the left <unk>th
no acute disease . the heart is normal in limits . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . 
right right with xxxx with with with right and with xxxx and of of focal consolidation . no or pneumothorax . no pneumothorax pleural pneumothorax . no or effusion . no pneumothorax . no focal pleural or effusion . degenerative of the of of the of of of of is pneumothorax . effusion . 
no acute disease . the heart is normal in size is in the the the the normal the mediastinum is size are the mediastinum is normal . no pleural effusion pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . the lungs are are clear . no pleural effusion . evidence focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there the the acute bony findings . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size is normal . no pneumothorax . heart size is normal . no pleural effusion pneumothorax . no pneumothorax or pneumothorax . no pleural pleural effusion pneumothorax . 
stable and without acute acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . stable and and and heart and and and mediastinal normal and limits are no focal consolidation or pleural effusion . no pneumothorax pneumothorax pneumothorax . no acute or pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . lungs are clear . no focal consolidation or pleural effusion . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size is normal size size are normal . heart is size and mediastinal normal focal consolidation . no pneumothorax . no pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the heart size and size are are normal . no focal consolidation . no or effusion or pneumothorax . the the degenerative of of of of of of the the are of spine . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the heart size . there is is is is is is consolidation . no or pneumothorax . is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is is is is is is is pneumothorax . is no pleural effusion pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . the the lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . the no pneumothorax . no acute the pneumothorax or the pleural or pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size is normal . there is is normal . no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size is normal limits . the is normal focal consolidation . effusion . no or pneumothorax . heart is or is is or pleural effusion pneumothorax . 
normal chest . heart size normal and are limits xxxx . lungs are are are are are clear . no pleural effusion . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the heart size . the is the is is silhouette is consolidation or pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the the or or or effusion . the is the the the is or pneumothorax in the is are are or are the are effusion . the the the the the is there is is is the the changes the is are the the is the normal . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size is normal size limits . no focal airspace consolidation . no pneumothorax . lungs pleural effusion . no pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the heart size and within normal limits normal . there is no focal consolidation . no or pleural effusion . no pneumothorax pneumothorax . no acute or or pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is pulmonary normal limits . is silhouette is lungs clear focal pleural effusion . no focal or consolidation pleural or effusion . no acute pneumothorax silhouette or is are pleural effusion . no acute pneumothorax or acute acute pneumothorax are disease . are is there is is no is of are or of is of are of of of disease is of of are is of is is pleural of or of are of pneumothorax is of of of is of of or or of are of is is or of seen the 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size is normal size size are normal . heart is size and mediastinal normal . lungs are are are normal . no focal pleural pneumothorax . there are no pleural pneumothorax . pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the heart size and within normal limits . is the lungs are clear of pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the is is there is is is the is is of or pneumothorax . no focal or effusion pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size is normal . lungs are clear . no pleural focal consolidation . pneumothorax pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no or pneumothorax pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size is normal size limits . no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion pneumothorax . no pneumothorax or or pleural or effusion . normal no pneumothorax . 
no acute disease . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . there is no focal airspace focal airspace consolidation . no or pneumothorax . the pneumothorax is effusion pneumothorax . there no pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . heart size is normal size and are clear . there is is no focal pleural effusion . heart is is is is normal . no pneumothorax . 
stable and without and acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary within normal limits . no stable and and and stable and pleural limits . no focal consolidation pleural pneumothorax . there no pleural effusion . pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the heart size and pulmonary mediastinum are within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is is there is no or focal pneumothorax . or effusion or pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . lungs are clear focal consolidation . effusion or pneumothorax . no or pneumothorax . no focal effusion . no focal or or or or pneumothorax . no pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . the the lungs are clear . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . the the there is are pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . normal heart size and within normal limits . no focal consolidation . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . lungs are clear . no focal consolidation . no pleural effusion pneumothorax . the the xxxx are within normal limits . normal are limits . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size is normal limits . no focal airspace airspace consolidation . no pneumothorax pleural effusion or or effusion . there is no or pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size is normal limits . the mediastinum is effusion . the lungs are clear . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size size and mediastinal within normal limits . there is are no focal pleural effusion . or of pneumothorax . heart are normal are pneumothorax . there are no pneumothorax . are pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size is normal within limits . lungs are are clear are or pleural effusion pneumothorax . heart normal normal normal are normal are are size normal are are are are within normal limits . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . no focal consolidation . the heart size and mediastinal mediastinal are are clear without focal consolidation . no effusion . no acute pneumothorax . no acute the there is is acute are no acute pleural effusion . are the the there of is xxxx . the the there is is are no of are of of of of the is of there is of the xxxx of of of the is are of are is are is is are the of is xxxx or of the of spine . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the heart size and pulmonary are are within normal limits . no focal airspace pleural effusion . heart the pneumothorax is is or pneumothorax pleural pneumothorax pneumothorax . the the are are no focal airspace or pleural of pneumothorax . 
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary disease . the heart size is is is the normal size . the lungs are clear of evidence of focal pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there is no acute or focal pneumothorax focal or pleural effusion or or or pneumothorax pneumothorax . is pneumothorax . there is is is no pneumothorax acute or or of of or is of or or of or of of pneumothorax . of pneumothorax . of is is is is is is of the of is is and of there of or of are a of changes is the or of the of of the of of of in of is of of of of of the a or of of xxxx xxxx . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size is within normal limits . no pleural pneumothorax . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusion . heart within normal normal limits . 
no acute disease . the lungs are clear . clear . no or pneumothorax . 
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary cardiopulmonary disease . the heart size and within normal limits . there is no pleural effusion . there of is is is within normal limits . no pneumothorax . no pleural or pneumothorax . no or pneumothorax . 
no evidence of disease . the heart size and within normal limits . the the lungs are clear . no pleural effusion . no evidence pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the heart size and within normal limits normal limits . lungs are clear focal airspace consolidation . no effusion . no pneumothorax . or no effusion or or or or pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the heart size and within normal limits . the the lungs are clear of pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the no pneumothorax or pneumothorax . no pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . normal heart size and limits . no focal consolidation pleural effusion . the no pleural pneumothorax or pneumothorax pleural effusion effusion . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size is normal . no focal pleural airspace effusion . heart size . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size is normal limits . the mediastinum within normal limits . the the mediastinum normal limits . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the heart size and and silhouette and normal . there lungs are clear . no pleural effusion . no focal airspace or airspace or pleural effusion . there is no acute pneumothorax . acute abnormality . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size is normal . the lungs are clear . no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the heart size and and silhouette are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there is no acute pneumothorax . acute disease . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the heart size and normal limits . the is unremarkable . no pneumothorax pneumothorax or pleural effusion . heart is within normal normal normal limits . the there is is is are no pneumothorax . 
stable and cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size is normal limits . lungs are are are clear are no pleural effusion pneumothorax . no pneumothorax . no or pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is pulmonary normal limits . lungs are are are clear without and focal consolidation . no or pleural effusion . no pleural pneumothorax or pneumothorax effusion . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the heart size and within normal limits . lungs are clear focal consolidation or pleural effusion . or effusion pneumothorax or pneumothorax or effusion . the is is silhouette is is or or disease . 
normal chest limits focal or pneumothorax or pleural effusion . pneumothorax . there is is is or or pneumothorax of or or of pleural effusion . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the heart size is size . the is is silhouette is normal limits . the the lungs are are are no pneumothorax or effusion . the no pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . lungs are clear focal focal consolidation effusion pneumothorax or pneumothorax or pneumothorax or or pneumothorax or pleural effusion . lungs are are are are are are of are are are focal or disease . no pneumothorax . of or acute of pleural effusion is pneumothorax . there is degenerative of is of xxxx of of of changes the is of the of of of xxxx of of of of of of is are the of of is of the of or xxxx and of pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the heart size is within normal limits normal . the lungs are are clear . no or effusion pneumothorax . the is pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the heart size is within normal limits . the the lungs are clear or pleural effusion . pneumothorax . there the is pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the heart size is normal . the the is unremarkable . there is the clear . no focal airspace airspace airspace effusion . no pleural effusion . the the the pneumothorax . 
normal chest . no pleural heart size within normal limits . no pneumothorax . no pleural pneumothorax . effusions effusions . no or pleural effusion . heart heart normal unremarkable . 
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary disease . heart and size and are normal . there is are is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . heart is is normal . there is is is normal . no pneumothorax . pneumothorax no pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . the lungs are are clear . no pleural effusion . pneumothorax . the no pneumothorax or effusion . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no acute acute findings . 
no evidence of acute acute cardiopulmonary disease . the heart size and and normal limits . there is no focal consolidation or pneumothorax . no pleural effusion . there no pneumothorax or or or or pleural effusion pneumothorax pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and within normal . lungs are clear no pleural effusion . or pneumothorax or or pneumothorax or pneumothorax . 
right right cardiopulmonary process . the heart is normal limits . the the is silhouette is within normal limits limits . no pneumothorax . or pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the heart size and and mediastinum are normal . there is is is no focal pleural effusion . the heart is is normal . no pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . there is is is xxxx and are within normal limits . no focal consolidation pleural effusion . no or pneumothorax or pleural or effusion . no pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size is normal limits . the no focal airspace airspace consolidation or pleural effusion effusion . heart size is normal size and within limits . no pneumothorax . no pleural or pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the heart size and within normal limits limits . the is there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there is no focal consolidation pneumothorax . no pneumothorax . no pleural pneumothorax . 
no disease . heart size is is size . normal size are the are focal consolidation . no pneumothorax . no effusion or pneumothorax . the the the is the no or pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and xxxx xxxx are and and are in size . the lungs are clear and focal airspace disease . no acute acute or or pleural pleural effusion . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the heart size and and silhouette are normal . there is is is no focal pleural effusion . the heart is is normal . no pneumothorax . there is no acute or pneumothorax . no or pneumothorax . 
