no acute cardiopulmonary findings . heart size normal . no focal airspace consolidations . no pneumothorax or effusion . degenerative changes in the midthoracic spine . 
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax . normal heart size . bony thorax unremarkable . 
no acute findings . biapical opacities xxxx scarring . there are biapical opacities possibly scarring . lungs otherwise appear clear . no focal airspace consolidation . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . heart size and mediastinal contour are within normal limits . right - sided chest xxxx catheter tip is at the lower svc . several right axillary surgical clips are noted . there are postoperative changes of right mastectomy . 
small right <unk>uxtahilar opacity may represent infiltrate in the setting of xxxx . followup chest x - xxxx is recommended at an appropriate interval following treatment to document xxxx . the heart is not enlarged . the central pulmonary vasculature is not engorged . visualized osseous structures are unremarkable . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . small right <unk>uxtahilar opacity may represent infiltrate . lungs are otherwise well aerated . 
cardiomegaly no acute pulmonary findings heart size mildly enlarged stable mediastinal and hilar contours . right hemidiaphragm eventration . no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . heart size and mediastinal contour within normal limits . no focal airspace consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . no acute osseous abnormality . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . no focal areas of consolidation . no pleural effusions . no pneumothorax . degenerative changes thoracic spine . heart size normal limits . cholecystectomy clips . 
stable postop changes with stable mild cardiomegaly and normal lung vascularity . status post midline sternotomy with intact xxxx xxxx . stable mild cardiomegaly . normal lung vascularity . the lungs are clear . 
low lung volumes without acute cardiopulmonary disease . there are low lung volumes . cardiac silhouette and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . there is no focal opacity . there is no large pleural effusion . there is no pneumothorax . 
copd . basilar probable pulmonary fibrosis and scarring . no acute cardiac or pulmonary disease process identified . frontal and lateral views of the chest show an unchanged cardiomediastinal silhouette . there is bibasal interstitial opacity and left basal platelike opacity xxxx due to discoid atelectasis andor xxxx scarring . there are emphysematous changes particularly within the right upper lobe . no xxxx focal airspace consolidation or pleural effusion . 
no evidence of active disease . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . 
cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . cardiomegaly . no focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax . mild unfolding of the thoracic aorta . bony thorax and soft tissues grossly unremarkable . 
mild cardiomegaly and atherosclerosis . no acute infiltrate . the heart is top normal in size . the mediastinum is stable . the aorta is atherosclerotic . there are mild chronic changes without focal consolidation . no pleural effusion is seen . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal size and configuration . pulmonary vasculature within normal limits . the lungs are well - aerated . there is no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal consolidation . 
vague opacity at the left lung base which appears to be within the left lower lobe . this may represent resolving or developing pneumonia given the patient's history . vague increased opacity which appears to be within the left lower lobe . question of this could be developing or resolving pneumonia . lungs are otherwise clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . heart and mediastinum are stable normal size heart . atherosclerotic vascular disease . degenerative changes in the thoracic spine . 
moderate right pleural effusion . moderate sized right loculated pleural effusion with right lower lobe atelectasis . normal cardiac contour with atherosclerotic changes throughout the aorta . clear left lung xxxx . 
negative for acute cardiopulmonary findings . no gross consolidation atelectasis or infiltrate . no pleural fluid collection or pneumothorax . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . xxxx xxxx is intact . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . there are mildly diminished lung volumes . cardiac silhouette is normal in size . normal mediastinal contour and pulmonary vasculature . the lungs are without focal airspace consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothoraces . 
no evidence of pneumonia or aspiration suture material along left apex suggesting prior lung surgery the lungs appear clear . no evidence of focal pneumonia . the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal . there is suture material at the left apex suggesting prior lung surgery . in the pleural spaces are clear . mediastinal contours appear normal . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . there is a healing fracture involving the left posterolateral <unk>th rib . there is xxxx deformity of the <unk>th vertebral body . these bony lesions may be secondary to the patient's known multiple myeloma . the lungs appear clear . the heart and pulmonary xxxx are normal . the pleural spaces are clear . mediastinal contours are normal . 
normal chest . heart size and mediastinal contour are normal . pulmonary vascularity is normal . lungs are clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . 
no active disease . the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal . 
increased opacity in the right upper lobe with xxxx associated atelectasis may represent focal consolidation or mass lesion with atelectasis . recommend chest ct for further evaluation . xxxx opacity overlying the left <unk>th rib may represent focal airspace disease . there is xxxx increased opacity within the right upper lobe with possible mass and associated area of atelectasis or focal consolidation . the cardiac silhouette is within normal limits . xxxx opacity in the left midlung overlying the posterior left <unk>th rib may represent focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no acute bone abnormality . 
no active disease . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal . 
right mid lung mass with mild right paratracheal soft tissue may be secondary to associated lymphadenopathy . further imaging with ct of the chest is recommended . the heart is normal in size . prominent right paratracheal soft tissue density . rounded mass in the right middle lobe measures approximately <unk> cm x <unk> cm . there is mild surrounding airspace disease andor atelectasis . no pleural effusions noted . the visualized bony thorax appears grossly intact . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities . heart size is normal . no pneumothorax . no large pleural effusions . no focal airspace opacities . 
no acute intrathoracic abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance . no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusion . the thoracic spine appears intact . no acute displaced rib fractures . 
no acute intrathoracic abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance . no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusion . the thoracic spine appears intact . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . . the lungs are clear bilaterally . specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion . . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality . 
emphysema without acute cardiopulmonary findings . heart size is within normal limits . emphysematous changes . focal pleural thickening in the left apex is xxxx scarring . atherosclerotic calcifications of the aortic xxxx . there is no focal infiltrate . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . 
minimal bibasilar focal atelectasis . cardiac silhouette and pulmonary vascularity are normal . there is mild bibasilar focal atelectasis . no evidence of pleural effusion or pneumothorax . minimal atherosclerotic changes are present in the thoracic aorta . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities . no visualized rib fractures . no pneumothorax . heart size is normal . no large pleural effusions . no focal airspace opacities . no definite visualized rib fractures . 
mildly elevated right hemidiaphragm . otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality seen . heart size and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . pulmonary vasculature is unremarkable . no focal airspace consolidation . there is mild elevation right hemidiaphragm . no visible pleural effusion or pneumothorax . there are mild degenerative changes along the thoracic spine . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . . the lungs are clear bilaterally . specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion . . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality . 
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process . interval cabg . the xxxx examination consists of frontal and lateral radiographs of the chest . there has been interval cabg . surgical clips are again seen in the epigastric region . the cardiomediastinal contours are within normal limits . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified . the visualized osseous structures are unremarkable . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality identified . <unk> images . heart size and pulmonary vascular engorgement appear within limits of normal . mediastinal contour is unremarkable . no focal consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax identified . no convincing acute bony findings . 
low lung volumes with airspace disease within the right lung base . followup radiographs following treatment is recommended to document resolution . heart size within normal limits . there are low lung volumes with bronchovascular crowding . there is mild increased airspace opacity within the right lung base which may represent atelectasis or infiltrate . . no visualized pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . multilevel degenerative disease of the spine . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no focal areas of consolidation . there are small calcified granulomata in the right lateral lung . 
bibasilar atelectasis . otherwise no acute abnormality heart size is normal . mild xxxx xxxx atelectasis . lungs are otherwise clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . the hilar and mediastinal contours are normal . normal pulmonary vascularity . 
no acute cardiopulmonary process . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for appearance . no focal areas of pulmonary consolidation . no pneumothorax . no pleural effusion . mild degenerative changes of the thoracic spine . 
limited <unk>uality exam shows no definite acute findings . rotated apical lordotic frontal projection mild bronchovascular crowding and scattered chronic appearing irregular interstitial markings . no definite focal alveolar consolidation or pleural effusion seen . accounting for technical factors heart size xxxx within normal limits heavily calcified and mildly tortuous aorta . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . 
no active tuberculosis . heart size within normal limits and cardiomediastinal contours are normal . lungs are clear bilaterally . no focal consolidations . no pleural effusions or pneumothorax . bony structures and soft tissues are unremarkable . 
no visible active cardiopulmonary disease . lumbar and are low . no infiltrates . heart size normal . a large hiatal hernia is present . an age - indeterminate xxxx fracture is present in the lower thoracic vertebra . scoliosis is present in the thoracic and thoracolumbar spine . 
<unk> mm left lung nodular opacity . recommend comparison with prior images . if prior images are not available than further evaluation with ct chest is recommended . old chest film from xxxx xxxx from xxxx was reviewed and the questionable nodule was not xxxx seen . heart size aortic and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . no visible pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . <unk> mm nodular opacity overlies the left anterior <unk>th rib on the frontal view . no focal bony abnormality identified . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . . the lungs are clear bilaterally . specifically no evidence of focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion . . cardio mediastinal silhouette is unremarkable . visualized osseous structures of the thorax are without acute abnormality . 
no acute cardiopulmonary process . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits for size and contour . the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no acute osseus abnormality . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . <unk> cm nodular opacity within the right hilum there is xxxx large lymph node or partially calcified granuloma . followup xxxx radiograph to assess stability may be of benefit . no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified . however there is a <unk> cm nodular opacity within the right hilum which may represent partially calcified granuloma or lymphadenopathy . scattered calcified granulomas also seen . heart size is upper limit normal . no acute bony abnormality . 
stable cardiomegaly without acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . compared to prior examination from xxxx there has been extubation and removal of central line and enteric tube . stable cardiomegaly and mild thoracolumbar dextroscoliosis . left basilar opacity xxxx represents chronic fibrosisscar . no focal consolidation pneumothorax or effusion . no acute osseous abnormality . 
no evidence of active disease . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . the lungs are free of focal airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . a few bandlike opacities are present on the lateral view which appear to represent small areas of scarring . surgical clips are present in the right upper quadrant of the abdomen . degenerative changes are present in the spine . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings . 
no acute cardiopulmonary findings . the cardiomediastinal silhouette and pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits in size . there is minimal xxxx atelectasis or scar in the left lung base . the lungs are clear of focal airspace disease pneumothorax or pleural effusion . there are no acute bony findings . 
resolution of cardiomegaly . no active disease . in the interval the heart size has become normal . pulmonary xxxx are normal . lungs are clear and expanded . 
normal chest x - xxxx . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal . the lungs are clear . there is no pneumothorax or pneumomediastinum . visualized bony structures are normal . 
no acute findings heart size within normal limits stable mediastinal and hilar contours . stable mild hyperinflation right apical pleural - parenchymal irregularities compatible with scarring . no focal alveolar consolidation no definite pleural effusion seen . no typical findings of pulmonary edema . no pneumothorax . 
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary or osseous process . no acute osseous abnormality . stable scattered endplate degenerative changes and osteophyte formation in the thoracic spine . normal cardiomediastinal silhouette and hilar contours . no focal area of consolidation pleural effusion or pneumothorax . 
negative chest x - xxxx . cardiac and mediastinal contours are within normal limits . the lungs are clear . bony structures are intact . 
no acute pulmonary disease . the lungs are clear . there is no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the heart is not significantly enlarged . there are calcified mediastinal lymph xxxx . there are atherosclerotic changes of the aorta . arthritic changes of the skeletal structures are noted . 
no acute pulmonary disease . no focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax . cardiomediastinal silhouette is within normal limits . there are prominent lateral osteophytes along the right aspect of the mid thoracic spine which are stable . no free subdiaphragmatic air . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . no pneumothorax pleural effusion or airspace consolidation . heart size is upper limits of normal . pulmonary vasculature appear within normal limits . xxxx xxxx are intact . 
normal chest heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses . 
negative for acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . lungs are clear without focal consolidation effusion or pneumothorax . normal heart size . bony thorax and soft tissues unremarkable
no evidence of acute cardiopulmonary process . cardiac silhouette within normal limits . central pulmonary vasculature is not engorged . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion . visualized osseous structures are unremarkable . no edema or focal consolidation in the lungs . 
no acute radiographic cardiopulmonary process . heart size upper limits of normal but stable . tortuous aorta . the lungs are normally inflated without evidence of focal airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax . osseous structures are within normal limits for patient age . . 
stable chest no activeacute cardiopulmonary disease . stable normal cardiac size and contour normal mediastinal silhouette . normal pulmonary xxxx . lungs clear no airspace disease . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary disease . cardiac and mediastinal contours are unremarkable . pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . no focal air space opacities pleural effusion or pneumothorax . xxxx are grossly unremarkable . 
borderline heart size . otherwise no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . the heart size is upper limits of normal . mediastinal contour appears normal and pulmonary vascularity is within normal limits . otherwise no focal consolidation large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the visualized osseous structures appear intact . 
normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette . lungs clear no airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no activeacute cardiopulmonary disease . normal cardiac size and contour unremarkable mediastinal silhouette . lungs clear no airspace disease pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no activeacute cardiopulmonary disease . 
no active disease . the heart and lungs have xxxx xxxx in the interval . both lungs are clear and expanded . heart and mediastinum normal . 
normal chest radiograph . heart size normal . no pneumothorax pleural effusion or focal airspace disease . bony structures appear intact . the trachea and xxxx pulmonary bronchi are unremarkable . 
basilar atelectasis . otherwise no acute cardiac or pulmonary disease process . frontal and lateral views of the chest show normal size and configuration of the cardiac silhouette . normal mediastinal contour pulmonary xxxx and vasculature central airways and lung volumes . and scattered calcified granulomas . left greater than right basilar opacity probable atelectasis andor scarring . no pleural effusion . 
stable tortuosity of the thoracic aorta . the presence of an underlying aneurysm cannot be excluded . clear lungs the lungs appear clear . the thoracic aorta remains tortuous . the presence of an aortic aneurysm cannot be excluded on this study xxxx . a there are calcified mediastinal and hilar lymph xxxx suggesting prior histoplasmosis infection . the pleural spaces are clear . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . cardiomediastinal silhouette and central pulmonary vasculature are within normal limits . there is no focal air space opacity . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax is seen . no acute bony abnormality is demonstrated . 
normal chest heart size normal . lungs are clear . xxxx are normal . no pneumonia effusions edema pneumothorax adenopathy nodules or masses . 
low lung volumes . xxxx xxxx opacities . right base appears to represent atelectasis . left base could be atelectasis or pneumonia . low lung volumes are present . the heart size and pulmonary vascularity appear within normal limits . there has been interval development of bibasilar opacities . the appearance of the right base opacity xxxx atelectasis . the left base opacities could represent early pneumonia or areas of atelectasis . no pneumothorax or pleural effusion is seen . 
no acute abnormality . the cardiac silhouette and mediastinum size are within normal limits . there is no pulmonary edema . there is no focal consolidation . there are no xxxx of pleural effusion . there is no evidence of pneumothorax . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities . the heart is normal in size and contour . there is no mediastinal widening . the lungs are clear bilaterally . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact . 
small left pleural effusion . normal heart size and mediastinal contours . calcified aortic xxxx . xxxx opacities in the left lung base xxxx atelectasis . the lateral view shows a xxxx left pleural effusion . no focal airspace consolidation . no pneumothorax . stable bilateral apical pleural capping . 
negative for acute abnormality . the cardiomediastinal silhouette is normal in size and contour . no focal consolidation pneumothorax or large pleural effusion . negative for acute bone abnormality . 
no acute cardiopulmonary abnormality . cardiac and mediastinal silhouette are unremarkable . lungs are clear . no focal consolidation pneumothorax or pleural effusion identified . xxxx and soft tissue are unremarkable . 
no acute disease . the heart is normal in size . the mediastinum is unremarkable . the lungs are clear . 
no acute cardiopulmonary process . heart size and mediastinal contour are normal . pulmonary vascularity is normal . there are residuals of prior granulomatous infection . lungs otherwise clear . no pleural effusions or pneumothoraces . degenerative changes in the thoracic spine . 
stable cardiomegaly without overt pulmonary edema . stable cardiomegaly with vascular prominence without overt edema . no focal airspace disease . no large pleural effusion or pneumothorax . the xxxx are intact . 
no acute bony abnormalities . no acute cardiopulmonary abnormalities . normal cardiac contours . no pleural effusion or pneumothorax . no acute bony abnormalities . clear lung xxxx bilaterally . no intervertebral disc narrowing or loss of vertebral body xxxx . 
